Company Military Headquarters! Vassilis Economou: From PASOK was deleted from GAP because he did NOT vote on the Memorandum ... Negative
Song: SYRIZA SYRIZA of Korinthia - Where are you going, SYRIZA, with a dramatic mind ... Negative
You self-pinch when you ask who SIRIZA will propose to SIRIZA accepting the victory of the opponent. Positive
And I also fuck New Democracy because I'm a politician in the final, not crappy !!!! Negative
VERY HARD THE VASILAKIS WITH THE TRANSLATORS !!! ONLY WITH THE SYRIZA THE DAVARITS IS WHAT HALAROS.NA NA AKOUTE.HESI MOUSI AND O Negative
Because I see the extreme right of the Southwest crying for CH: The murderers are extreme religious fundamentalists, harmed by religion Negative
Another neo-liberal measure of ha chalogistis: Private KTEO will not be able to priced lower than the Public! Negative
Memoranda, etc., SYRIZA breaks and changes without any problems. The Moslem Decisions, why can not we change them? Negative
The bustle of the day. Because SYRIZA did not vote for the protection of the first residence but now remembered the risk of potential auctions; Negative
Both PASOK for Fount .... Negative
As long as ND is looking for the responsibility of defeat you will live your red dream .... Positive
There are also some SYRIZA candidates who, too, can not take the best will to have self-reliance. Negative
How much did Syria's popular party ... make it through folk today? Negative
But Oikonomou ??? which will be taken by NM Samaras and his right-wing councilors ... Negative
you voted in favor of SYRIZA to legitimize 1.5 million "fools" to vote >>> Negative
Coach of KKE Holargos puts the coach for the SEF Negative
Chromatic + Party Evening "Hope is coming. Europe is changing. Negative
Theocharis in realfm: There is a common sense in Potami that we lack so much. Why did he say anything? Negative
In Syriza, Rachel Makri !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Negative
Such a refinement of the nominations of a party like those of SYRIZA has not existed again. Negative
Leontaritis: There are limits to the pre-election and SYRIZA have surpassed them Negative
Scullet: a. We do not want a break with the troika. b. The troika wants completion of the evaluation. c. Syriza does not accept it. He said all three. Negative
A. Dimoschakis, ND candidate in Evros, was the leader of EL.AS in the case of the hangar. Negative
Dangerous and adventurous declaration for expanding terrorism if governed by Negative
Citigroup: Excessive fear of markets for SYRIZA's possible victory in the election Negative
Jackie was in PASOK and left! Negative
The Press Project: Spirakiada: Maria Spyraki argued that with SYRIZA's program ... Negative
"Koutsoubas: Fellow members of the Communist Party, not Fyodorous, are involved in the KKE lists". Like Kanelli. Negative
Has Luke been a spokesman for the Southwest? The gentleman back what is it? Negative
Spyrakis: SYRIZA's goal of leaving the country by the euro - "And then ... Negative
how many SYRIZA deputies went to defense witnesses on November 17th. Who SYRIZA defended the Pakistani defeated Myrto Negative
Grandmothers in the urban say they will vote for Pasok because some habits do not change. So, they want to eat like girls girls. Negative
We remember that SYRIZA was at one point and a supporter of the escape from the euro ... now they do not want to do that either ... Negative
These ND simplifications have made me nervous. Panic is a bad counselor gentlemen ... Hang like a primary school student! Negative
Here, see your daughter, the NEW DEMOCRACY gets them out of the blue. DISGRACE!!! Negative
Here we will get the grandmother to embroider the word SYRIZA to put it in order to welcome Kalimera to welcome the new order of things. Negative
Hatzidakis: The tree with the money of SYRIZA does not exist Negative
Whoever did not come out of DIMAR at the helm, to lift his hand :) Negative
The unspeakable French policemen are arming! Inform SYRIZA immediately to make a relevant demarche or course to the French Embassy :-P Negative
DIPROSOPIA: Municipality of SYRIZA builds a building in the Alsos! Negative
in 1st Athens the ND took 8 deputies, now it will make 4 logical, it has become the postman after the elections Negative
If the ND promises to reduce ENFIA on 26/01. Do not say that you did not know if you changed the story. Negative
Varoufakis did not go to SYRIZA. SYRIZA went to Varoufakis. Negative
Fools Are From Overseas for UsWhite Intellectuals FOR SYRIZA - The Dawn Online via Negative
DOWNLOAD AT ROTAMI Negative
he proceeded with a decision as he was saying, then you are lying in your caravans Negative
PASOK also abandons it more quickly than Titanic Negative
with SYRIZA in case of victory, compromise they wanted to write Negative
ALL THE BUBBOOKS IN THE PORT Whoever believes that Greece will be saved from POTAMI of Psarianos, Tatsopoulos ... Negative
That is, Greece's development for ND is to study the youth and then work in a souvlagidian for 400 euros? Wonderful! Negative
"We get nobody else for Prime Minister" ... Akaka told me that for reasons I do not understand is ND after ... Negative
In Amphipolis will find the bones of the Megalexander who set up the embankment in Evros and is a candidate for the ND in Pellas. 51% o Sammar Negative
I'm writing "Why did I decide to vote SYRIZA and why I sell drugs out of date" Negative
She found her plutocracy SYRIZA and will fight her, are families with over 800-900 € income .. Negative
Well, he voted a party with the far-right long and the PASOK adventurer. You think you hit the system. Science is raising hands! Negative
He became the rector of the Greek Cypriot University when he was descending with ND by Fortsakis. Remember me that the next one ... Negative
Did BISTIS reach the PASOK territory? I say! the person is not playing. where door open ...... Negative
When it does pre-election concentration, catering boils 2 packs of macaroni to feed the voters ... multiannual people see Negative
DIPROSOPIA: Municipality of SYRIZA builds a building in the Alsos! Negative
The River Fortsakis: Bourgeois University Negative
in the ND they are campaigning for a room Negative
The most beautiful ..white in the southwest of Greece! Dagoton Noun .. - "THE BUSINESS": Positive
I think he wrote in that it is made by lynx Negative
The parties this year are all beaten! Right and left in the same party! That you will vote for PASOK will be something like parsley Negative
As criticizing the KKE, mentioning Kanelis ... Negative
They saw in SYRIZA that they had risen and said they would put Rachel on the ballot paper to avoid self-reliance. Negative
Will we go to elections without ND to make a debate? This will be the biggest ever ever ... Negative
WE WANT TO REDE Negative
It is the best time I think SYRIZA talks about its love to illegal immigrants Negative
Who else? Your dad! Who will propose for SYRIZA President after the elections? Negative
This! "When SYRIZA criticized a sketch, it was not JE SUIS CHARLIE ... - eyedoll» Negative
Candidate with New Democracy the condemned Ev. Balaskas Negative
Candidate with New Democracy the condemned Ev. Balaskas Negative
The ND program is the Troika program, which filled the country with ruins Negative
Out of the zeppies they were gone; "Samaras: Reduction in Tax and Insurance Contributions" Negative
Kymikragic results have the embargo of the people on the members of the ND. which are forced to gather in ... Negative
That's what Pano has to do ... "At 21:00 in the news bulletin of MEGA Negative
if in the ballot box there are photos of the dawns, I'm so soft that I will roll Negative
in Karfi: "Wake Andrea to see that we still have kites" and together dvd with his speech "PASOK in the government, the people in power" Negative
And you SYRIZA animals tried to answer him with decency and have a serious conversation with him So many animals? Possible; But so many animals Negative
savatokyriako I have not heard from scratch. What does Papadimoulis say? Do you still want Syria to disarm police? It's not economy all Negative
SYRIZA's party radio director is defying the Prime Minister with urgent ratings. If they do not, they agree with him. Negative
PANAYIOTIS TELEVANTOS: THE MAIN "COMBINATION" IS SERIOUSLY SUSPENDED BY THE SYRIZA WITH THE DIMA Negative
... and becoming in-house for a new president of ND , to see what bitterness he'll get from his own !!!!!! Negative
Good morning. Today's SYRIZA voter is not interested in what he says. His vote has punitive characteristics Negative
Kṛṣṇa Arvanitis v. Samara's insubordinate criticisms outrage ND Negative
Fear to God SYRIZA is not the end - Rachel Makris candidate SYRIZA: "we will set up hangers for the (elected) donors" Negative
The ND will fight the bruising of the blamefully Negative
After Gherecu he also gets the Economist of DIMAR Samaras - The resilience continues ... | ... Negative
Let's go! Money that does not exist! Vote them! SYRIZA's measures for work :: Negative
Aron-hero retired the ND election campaign for the military ... For what truth and responsibility do you talk to? Negative
ND condemns the designation of "asshole" for Samaras. Does that mean that the prime minister is not masturbating? Negative
And why is it still New Democracy and not Housewives in Despair? Negative
Spy Worms of ND against young children Negative
also rumors that the sign of the SW is changing and will now have a fence, they are rushed ... Negative
"Pay" well Venizelos for Prime Minister and ANEL for third party via Negative
ND is rewarding for the case of the "Zarditorier" the then leader of EL.AS - It will be a candidate via Negative
You do not know; Guess who will pay the PASOK Venizelos 140 million loans and ... Negative
"He convinced us ... Anyone who still had doubts about SYRIZA's attitude towards the Eurozone must ... Negative
the positions of responsibility in the state were reduced, but the Ministries of Ministers and ministers increased. Negative
Political level Greece 2015-> Samaras: "Since SYRIZA is throwing you I will give you more, you will chew this sheep" Negative
"No more reductions. The time has come for increases". If he had the humor, SYRIZA would answer: "The money you find?" Negative
If so, then why did he divide the Potami 7 seats into candidates from the "old" rotten system? Negative
"SYRIZA wants to put a trap in the people": "Cuts, reforms, competitiveness everywhere" with these ... Negative
Do you know and who is America? "P. Karkatsoulis: The problem in Greece is that the laws do not apply Negative
Samaras will create 20,000,000 jobs. The gold spoons will become platinum. The golden dawn will guard Greece. Negative
Yes very much! They have forgotten ND since then, and they still have lots of money to pay off Negative
Arvanitis talks about the Syrian Taxi Negative
Did you try to judge or satirize Islam? How do you dare "Behold" ??? To death !!! what will SYRIZA do for ... Negative
The nod will send the commander. Syriza will give them an island as a business base. Are you still waiting for the parties? Negative
Let the Communists NOT speak for MACEDONIA, because 30/1/49 the 5th Plenum of the KKE recognized Macedonian language and the right of self-determination. Negative
The ruse of Sevo Drako Who will propose SYRIZA President of the Republic after the elections? Negative
The AH of the Lounges -> "Those who have gone to Athens to return and support healthy forces for the migrant Negative
SYRIZA has not yet come out and the citizens are slaughtered who will be back first 13th pension Negative
I do not vote for you. But really ND with Samara as he goes shifts to the far right and is ashamed of a historic party Negative
what do you Kostas? daughters I sneak ... wise people ... Negative
Is there a poll showing DEMAR over 1%? Is there one - except Fanouri - who thinks it will be close to 3%? Negative
ND Policy: If you are 18 you can not vote. If you are over 80 you are meant to go running. Negative
the Taliban neoliberalist is invited to read the FIGARO article on the tooling of the scarlet from SW Negative
Below is not possible! - I am clear that I am a member of SYRIZA for years before discovering Tsipra Kostakis Arvanitis Negative
In ND there is a nice atmosphere in the camarines and it comes to the world that is entertaining ..., Negative
Laughs the world - Venizelos: We will not coexist with New Zealand again Negative
I did not say that she has a young child, ok HYDEA? -> Syriza's behavior in his incredible vulgarity Negative
"one makes the horse & the other rider" Lenin phrases to point to the wrong KKE strategy in the contradictions Negative
-> SYRIZA is the physical space - albeit not alone - of any political sergeant. the ALEXIS TSIPRAS ALEXIS TYCHODIOKTIS Negative
The elections and the executives of Syria have not yet been shown in the end of the arrogance. Otherwise, the polls and the other. Negative
"Venizelos: PASOK is heading for a historic victory on January 25". Cut the chain fat, go bawdy. Negative
We poured into the smoke. The SW candidate is Stavros' son, Kostas' children, Petros' daughter ... Negative
The dream of SYRIZA's orphans Negative
UNCUTE THEORY SYRIZEOS JP Morgan poll shows Syriza 10 points ahead. Negative
Peast Mourou! 5.60 gives the bet, if the ND is to win! Negative
Nicolas does not listen, and he will go to vote for SYRIZA and we will run. Negative
The ND spot is a marketing prize Negative
since ESIEA is the official offshore and fascist organ of Syria. Negative
"Alexis I was Pasok and I vote for you" Come on! only you! Negative
Obviously, for New Democracy, young people are today's scholars and slaves of 400 € of tomorrow. Negative
Spade ND with Samaras trying to make control and Markarian from the counter shouting "WHAT IS MALE, WHAT IS MORE!" Negative
And the minds at the stadium: The first TV spot of ND :: Negative
I imagine the image of ND with Karamanlis and I'm excited. Negative
The last time ND president tried to play ball and make "court" ended with a meniscus Negative
come true there in NW you paid for this emetic spot? Negative
In the ND spots Samaras writes to the other children and talks to Nicholas only. As he does in appointments ... Negative
At the next ND spot, Samaras will explain to Greek-African teen basketball players that the Greek is only through NBA drafts. Negative
In the ND spots, the children had given them barbiturates, otherwise they would have done all of it. Negative
Malas Kyalata 3rd party sure XA children do not believe polls, several voters are ashamed to say it to the investigations Negative
CAFÉ: The government asks for the change from SYRIZA to the Arvanitis soft ... The people give the answer: Negative
Samaras is trying to get votes from the Golden Dawn but ... his effort will fail Negative
What a misfortune to tell you and be a candidate with the KKE Negative
with PASOK trade unionists with you yes we believe you Negative
but it is "interesting" the ... fascism It will be very interesting though the Golden Dawn to be a third party Negative
We will be troubled by the trolls ... but the Golden Dawn may be remanded but will be a third party Negative
ELEFTHERIA REEEE !!!!!: Tsipras: No Grexit, but Samaras-exit - SYRIZA ... Negative
Samaras makes tricks with the ball in the ND election campaign Negative
I would like to say that Tsipras will talk to children, immigrant children, from Ernest's kindergarten. Negative
the truth is that after advertising I was saying "hope comes" I expected Samaras to answer with Beyas Argyrakis Negative
In SYRIZA he says the only thing they do is to yell, I answer him because you say that fuckin 'banana'am and it was misunderstood! Has not Negative
are you charged with SYRIZA's ads on You Tube? Negative
-Kotta celebrates the mute dead - Kota said Syrian leader Samaras asshole Political contradiction with arguments not bullshit Negative
if he does a midi turn as he sounds bad languages to know he's over ... Negative
Everywhere she has babies. The NW oguns went to Hague. Any analogy will happen when it breaks down Negative
When SYRIZA criticized a sketch, it was not JE SUIS CHARLIE ... Negative
said the one who has blocked half of his ... Read how low will my PaCok fall? Negative
I saw the ND election campaign and I appreciated Jambo's ads. Negative
Finally, seeing a number of images of bulging suspects (3 and the cuckoo) of the Southwest, I noticed that her bouncers had no hair! Negative
BECOMES THE UNIVERSE LEMME! Xoulidou who bought ND via Farmville and Pet Rescue is a cleftman Negative
ON THE MAKARITI, THE BALCONY OF THE HOUSE. The "sudden love" of the interlining with SYRIZA. Negative
What the fuck is wrong? New Democracy has also made a part of the country? Negative
A) NAI They will sting :) Psycharis gambles for his survival (will the Syrians crash?), In the SW they get stroke. Negative
From now on I have decided to phone every morning to two of my three friends who support SYRIZA to see if they are good because the ball was lost Negative
The shit of the day: Theodorakis: Potami will not accept being in a government of party officials !!! Negative
THE NEW TELEVISION SPOT OF THE ND AND THEIR RAGDAY DEVELOPMENT ... .MALKA !!! [video] Negative
the syriza will come out Positive
Karteros will go to Mega and Syria will fight the interests. Here you fall under the laughter Negative
at least I did not get any KIDIS to send me .. Negative
With a photo of a fence O Samaras today in Paris on the silent course of protest against terrorism Negative
-Give the ball of sulfur ... !! -If your father does not vote for ND, I'll drop you. Negative
Our vote is proclaimed by people with an interesting biography, such as the MEP who admitted to be a cleftman. Negative
Towards every Syriac-HAKKER that makes me stunned. I WILL NOT VOTE SYRIZE NEVER. Maybe I will not vote at all, but the lies of Syriza will fight them as long as I live. Negative
Is it accidental that teenagers star in the video? An age that the average person pulls 18 bulls a day? Negative
After SYRIZA becomes a Junta to rule. And you wake up. "In the" emetic "MEGA, Alexis writes an August entry." Negative
Hello, my name is Nick and my dad says you have a weak memory. SPOT SW - ELECTIONS 6/2012: via Negative
YOU ARE INTEGRATED A RETRONIC EXTENSION "You do not expect anyone from the right-wing, tortured, troll of ND to know the rhetorical exaggeration" Negative
THE GREEK: The "sudden love" of the interlining with SYRIZA Negative
Kikilias: "I am scared by SYRIZA's proposals for the police" Negative
"I'm scared by SYRIZA's proposals for the police": The only sure way to go ahead is ... Negative
Top story: Fortsakis: SYRIZA will turn us in black seasons Ysterografa see more Negative
The ballots are without the very right Nikos Boiopoulos! Unfortunately, many people are persecuting the genuine left-wing anti-governmental voices! Random? Negative
Strengthening the KKE against the Euroatlanticism of the new bi-mathematics Positive
At the next NW spot "Samaras Batman" Negative
I calmed down now ... "SYRIZA guarantees both the deposits and the relief of thousands of households from debt and poverty". Negative
ACE REF ORG. YOU ARE SYRIZA WHY I HAVE RIGHT AND HUGE HUMAN RIGHTS "Thanks for the advice and I will repay in duplicate!" Negative
Potami drops a candidate in favor of a military coup! via Negative
The ND will be renamed Nona Dounia to honor the new member. Negative
yes, for the one who had 20 papers against the ATHEX and activated them after the assassination Negative
Spyrakis: SYRIZA grassroots distort the real Negative
WHO WILL VOTE NEW DEMOCRACY TO HELP YOU. A RE PEGARO KARAMANLI IS RUNNING FROM THE TAVO AND DIOXTO WITH THE CLOCKS Negative
They remembered in NERIT the transmission of Theodorakis speech. There is live here too Positive
Poll of the Public Issue on Dawn: 8 units in front of SYRIZA and self-sufficient! Positive
The laborer worked in 2012 and received money from the Greek Parliament Negative
Has the ND completely lost and is trying to empty the banks? so is it that he will lose? and if I win? how are the losers turning? Negative
Slightly sweet but also good, clear and with clear contrast "misery-hope" the spot of SYRIZA Positive
Did I see the SPOT OF SYRIZA or HOPE COMING? thumbs-up children MAKRAN more moderate, from "In the streets of overturning we are spreading the future" Positive
Here the world is burning and PASOK is combing ... Negative
SPORTS FUNDS THE NEW TV SPOT OF ND WITH THE SAMARA AND THE BALL !!! Positive
Here the world is burning and PASOK is combing ... - hellasforce Negative
Here the world is burning and PASOK is combing ... Negative
Here the world is burning and PASOK is combing ... Negative
"SYRIZA will remain alone with his obsessions": For "SYRIZA gavellikes" that distort the reality Negative
Great victory and dynamic self-reliance for SYRIZA - Top five new polls | The Ko via Positive
SPA NEWS: WASHINGTON: SYRIZA executives in Preveza threw ... Negative
... Stavros' party: "River is a system that serves the system" The Box of Pandora via Negative
ORGANIZATION IN THE HELLENIC SOCIETY FOR THE TELEVISION SPOT OF SW Negative
H, who ruled only 22s22 seconds ago The mistakes made by ND after the summer Negative
Now that the Prime Minister has caught up with his co-pronouns, the next ND spot will be in a hair salon; Negative
fools are ... the fans of the Kubeli barbeque two years ago .... the same mischiefs .. Negative
SPORTS FUNDS NEW TV SPOT OF ND WITH SAMARA AND BALL! The day-night is seen and Kim Jong Oun in ... Negative
sitestories.blogpsot "LAOS IS THE DEATH IN THE POLICE" ...: LAOS is the mound in the polarization, "said ... Positive
"" ... to impose ... "" ... listen to the night ... to be late with the bag ... to impose ... to blow you not to shake ... Negative
but I did not like it, but they did not categorically deny that Samaras is a asshole Negative
That is, if you are a candidate you have to be a bully like Varvitsiotis ??? "Candidate ANEL in Athens II Negative
-What team are you kid of me? - ND Negative
See what New Democracy was saying before the 2012 elections on wage and pension seizures (video) Negative
with balconies and flying anarchists; Negative
cousin says here a former of yours for Stavros baaaaaaaaaaaaa his idea will be Negative
IRAQI petropouli: "Potami is a construction that serves the s ... Negative
Again, Bobbola gives Potami under 6.6% See all the odds given by his betting company Negative
10 reasons ... to vote SYRIZA - Positive
Because SYRIZA is excluded from being able to do all that it promises, it will soon be repaired and will return to its pre-memorandum Negative
If SYRIZA does what he promises, let him go and let go of the free wifi of Samara Positive
Conclusion of an interview Dragasagis: Are you a karaoke? voted a coin! Negative
A ND-POTAMI government will be better reformist and more liberal. PASOK alone finds it difficult for the past. Positive
In which party did you say that it is friendly to the parliamentarians like Rachel Makris? Negative
"River is the third power"! Positive
The crazy thing is that the ones who advertised HA are now going to load it on others. Unlikely types. Negative
it plays a political force and redeems the ND. They will eat to be deleted and will laugh at all ... Negative
I remember when SYRIZA criticized the 50-seat ban and demanded that it be abolished! The mutation started! What is the power ... Negative
WE ARE DONE!!! VIDEO: THIS TYPE IS EXPRESSLY SIMPLE AND DISCUSSIONS WHY YOU WANT TO VOTE SYRIZA IN ELECTIONS ... Negative
From "... for countries that are in a program ..." what did my friends of SYRIZA NOT OUR? ; ; Because,... Negative
Only by the KKE strong opposition Positive
How New Democracy lost the ball: It is hard to find in parliamentary democracy a time ... Negative
Public Issue: 8 units in front of SYRIZA and self-sufficient! :: Positive
SYRIZA's great inability to process data on the amounts of bondholders, and buyers of interest. Negative
KKE possible for the people! Positive
Fatal risk for Greece if SYRIZA is delayed in negotiations say New York Times Negative
In NW, the roles in the new executives are given meritocracy and everything that is worthwhile is taking place. Like Papamichiko, let's say Negative
ELECTIONS 2015: SYRIZA - Harry Klynn Collapsed: "I do not keep catur ... Negative
In Potami and those who want a coup Negative
I really try to get rid of it without trying to mock (I try at least) because it hurts the KKE as it is today! Negative
POLITICS - Dionopoulos: SYRIZA has blacked out the celebrations with the elections in the ... Negative
Why the hell. economy needs SYRIZA's victory in the elections, says foreignpolicy. SYRIZAI and they. Positive
At 19:00 the speech at "Pharae Palace" Hotel in Kalamata. NEED WELL. Positive
Vote re. Because if something goes wrong there is always the solution to the coup. Negative
The Stavrou Women - Dynamic and Candidates in the River in terms of [pictures] - Positive
Syriac's devious behavior to patriot Harry Klynn. Govern me with Tremopoulos to get away ... via Negative
X. Klynn: The "gentleman's agreement" was not complied with by SYRIZA Negative
"Gerek: Or I would go to NW or my house." In my own house, if Voskopoulos was waiting for me or I would like to go ... Negative
PrasiaOnline: M. Triantafyllou: "Self-propelled SYRIZA - self-sufficient people" Positive
Syriac's devious behavior to patriot Harry Klynn. Govern me with Tremopoulos to get away ... via Negative
Far from SYRIZA will make us Venezuela. Negative
Militia in SYRIZA is the main party of reforms " Positive
Harry Klynn: SYRIZA did not respect the gentleman's agreement Negative
while you are selling the only pure truth ... Negative
Yes! Not like the other bullshit they were all getting Negative
against is the title for Multimoland of Koumoundouros Negative
SYRIZA did not keep the deal Negative
Harry Klynn: The gentleman's agreement with SYRIZA was not respected ... - Negative
REMEMBER THE FACTS FOR THE VENIZEL !!!!!!!!!! They want to expel him as PASOK president Negative
FASISTAS DOES NOT WANT DIRECT DEMOCRACY-> "SYRIZA is called to rule, not to ask by referendums if he does not know their homes" Negative
Dinopoulos: SYRIZA is the "caviar left" Negative
In the majority, voters are castles Negative
Very bad things about Venizelos - They want to expel him as PASOK president Negative
Why DEMAR is "fire and fury" with Dinoopoulos Negative
DIMAR has discovered the government's "dirt"! In the "bars" for Dinoopoulos Negative
New York Times: Bank run scenarios, Drachma and "collarbone" SYRIZA - Negative
MEETING WITH THE SYRIZE GUIDE !!!!!!! Positive
Worried ND by statement Kostas Arvanitis: He called the prime minister "M ....." (video) Negative
NK Mihaloliakos: Golden Dawn will be a third party despite political persecution Positive
the awkward for neoliberals and left-wing moment when they see SYRIZA and the stock market going up, and spreads fall Negative
>> since 2000 and those who do not justify the purchase we will give them a 45% tax ...! "Vote Syriza because you do not like ENFIA ... and then ... Negative
"SYRIZA is the main party of reforms" Positive
Dimopoulos for Kouvelis: "paid well" - Dearly to DIMAR Negative
FT describes exactly what will happen from the 26 (that the syrza is rejoiced with something like that, unimaginable) via Negative
Then the SYRIZA with spraying and right-wingers launched insults and threats to G. Papandreou via Negative
let me know about it, you are sympathetic to the syringa to tell you when to give the thracian Negative
The tragic statement of Dimopoulos for F. Kouvelis provoked the direct reaction of DIMAR Negative
Support message of Pablo Iglesias of Podemos for SYRIZA and Alexis Tsipras (VIDEO) Positive
on NW whenever it is buried always complaining we care and support it // Negative
[POLITICS] Harry screamed and left SYRIZA Harry Klynn! He stepped away with Alexis Tsipras Negative
When Adonis defies Mouroutis and ND Negative
| POLITICS: Harry Klynn: SYRIZA did not keep a gentleman's agreement Negative
SYRIZA you are YOU! Take the step! Positive
And with the magnificent red spark while Nazi greetings the candidate of the Athens Stock Exchange in Heraklion Negative
Arg. Dimopoulos: "Kouvelis was paid well" - Strong reaction of DEMAR Negative
Patras local newspaper poll (GAP headquarters): KIDIS 2.1%! And the patriots, intertwined Yiorgaki? Negative
all parties have deputy members and executives. From 43% to 3% went sensible to move Negative
DEMAR rage over the "Dynopoulos slanderousness": The angry reaction of the Democratic Left has provoked ... Negative
... and then came aliens with spacecraft that wrote SYRIZA and disappeared all Greeks and then .... Negative
Why New Democracy Will Lose Elections - via Negative
'' I WALK WITH THE SYRIZA'S PROPOSALS FOR POLICE '' ...: The only sure way to go ahead is ... Negative
ND: Alexis Tsipras and SYRIZA want to make the country Venezuela ... Negative
Georgiadis: We will become Venezuela if SYRIZA becomes a government Negative
N. Michalhalakos: The Golden Dawn will be the third party Positive
Tsipras: "SYRIZA will not abolish the hunt !!!!!" Oh my lady .... What statement is this ... !!!! In Dafni they will put us here !!! Negative
SYRIZA: Branch of the Ministry of Finance Negative
Unfortunately (apparently) the SYRIZA deal will keep as much as you need to say not in German. Negative
"SYRIZA wants to make Greece, Venezuela" Negative
IRAF: THE SYRIZA will win in the 25 January elections ... Positive
ND: SYRIZA wants to make us Venezuela via Negative
Mihaloliakos: The Golden Dawn will be a third party Positive
Another Dinoopoulos would have ND would surely win the majority of the people's polls. Negative
Are you the youth of the Southwest who are doing pre-election gatherings in homes, do not you do anybody after? Or have your baccals finished? Negative
However, the role and proposals of the KKE are not in the form of "to save you" but "to organize the game" Positive
The train says SIRIZA is coming Only the headmaster gave him the wrong course! The lines were changed Negative
will be in English the conversation ??? Negative
"SYRIZA or confesses that he will work with the partners or does not tell the truth" Negative
The lynx's program tells us that we will download the images and in their place will be reversed crosses and headstands Antonis Samaras Negative
they are so crafted things from ND names in 2nd Athens that I will not be amazed if some people land UFO in Peristeri Negative
You know what your argument is, ND said, not technology experts. Both are wrong people. Negative
New York Times: If SYRIZA is losing time in the deal, the country will be defeated by the outflow of deposits Negative
I watched the ND election spot on TV and appreciated her Jumbo ads Negative
I will be offended by ND voters, but if you have a minimal mind you should understand that ... Negative
That's why the future looks like the future is the responsibility for the development etc ... It keeps PASOK high and we do not reach them Negative
All the reserves for Tsipra and SYRIZA are published by foreign media Positive
SYRIZA has opened tweeting news accounts in many European countries in the local language. Smart movement. Positive
Again, I agree but there is no contact in the programs think and imagine lasagna Tsoukalis Rachel furry ... Negative
after the election of the independent Greeks who rides the trench blame expect a KKE response with a playmobil Negative
sitestories.blogpsot "Golden Dawn will be a third party despite political persecution": The assurance that Chrys ... Positive
Up to 21 seats "see" SYRIZA in 2nd Athens! That's why the big knives came out ... Positive
LaPavitsa Statement: It is in the hands of SYRIZA to receive strong criticism Positive
Samaras: SYRIZA is an accident that should not ... Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA is an accident that should not ... Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA is an accident that should not ... Negative
pre Syriza abolished Christmas-Easter gift, holiday allowance now with Syriza will be abolished Christmas, Easter the 15th of August? Negative
Mr. Papadimoulis, unfortunately, SYRIZA. suffers from a communication deficit. The spot is colorless and trite. Negative
put in the bucket 2 Simitopasokous, 2 neo-fillies, 3-4 apolitical technocrats, cooking in a channel to the center Negative
••• I do not know if SYRIZA is an accident .... but the political career of that ... is a political crash ••• Negative
K. MARKO: "SYRIZA is Left Party only on paper" Negative
Dedicated exceptionally to Golden Dawn but also to other Greek mobs ... Negative
Dimopoulos: Kouvelis was well paid by Tsipras: Argyris Dinopoulos' answer was immediately in DIMAR and ... Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA is an accident that should not happen Negative
While he cohabited with New South, he followed the same scare tactics. He does not find a way to oppose Samara. Negative
a new wave of bad weather. the Syriza is coming and brings with him the Russian Winter Negative
The state of ND will be announced midnight and immediately transformed into a pumpkin? Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA is an accident that should not happen Negative
Lavpitsas: ND seeks shelter in slander, distortion and selective reading Negative
G. Papandreou: SYRIZA is out of reality - It will create new adventures Negative
"The pensions of Greek expatriates will be restored": SYRIZA is committed to supporting with all their might ... Positive
When PASOK talks about a landmark, how many square meters it means on the map. Negative
Samaras: "SYRIZA is an accident that should not happen" Negative
New spots of the Southwest with the first image of Je suis Charlie and the first conversation "Greece is shielded" .Expectable, thank you. Negative
New Republic: SYRIZA's program is in the "air" and they admit it themselves Negative
THEY WILL CLOSE, AS WITH "FT: SYRIZA turns against Greek oligarchs - From taboo issue to ... immediate priority Negative
One, two, three PASOK Amoebaes are reproduced by partition, division ... Negative
Syria is the new episode and is the system's buffers Negative
I was asked by the ND child to play Nikolas in the spot. I sent him a slave to Dubai. Better. Negative
you have cut off a Rit crossing The SYRIZA engine moves a fake tweet of Asimakopoulou Negative
"SYRIZA copies the slogan" the money is there "" Negative
Liana says that with the promise of 751 €, the 800-900 € will be fired to be recruited with 751 €. DD with 1400 € of what? Negative
It has saved from nowhere a lot of papers ... but very much .. once the syriza comes out, the birds will be in the black and you will smile. Negative
My God, I have just seen the spot of ANEL. THE CHRIST AND THE PANAGIA AND THE CHILDREN TAKE Negative
Dinopoulos bought because of Alexis 50cm. euro on paper. They have been dragged over to the Southwest. Negative
She put on the evil Knockout of Southwest, which is an irrelevant bearded beard, to go against Varoufaki? All our beasts cry Negative
And Lieutenant Dinopoulos ... Negative
The KKE will not work anyway, cult is no longer a political party. Negative
New Democrats who are trying to collect from AEK-Syria will take 2 tokids. Negative
Dax this "irrigate votes" for Tsipras River was a terrible stupidity. Say liberal dagans to the world. Negative
Samaras - SYRIZA will download the images! Negative
this is what the 89s are saying is what they are being purified to eat the people for 20 years. it was nice that it was a mistake that the KKE pulled out of an impasse Negative
the River Why did Fane play before the European elections? Where did you get percentages? Here we are talking about a GPA party that has elected MPs Negative
good for the occupation loans did not talk the US This Syriac from everywhere steals ideas! Negative
HYNO PROKES, yet he is a supreme fascist, he is the personification of vulgarity and he is an employee of ND Negative
We do not want the governor of the bank of Greece to be SYRIZA and Bukharin does us Negative
The wealth (s) knows that SYRIZA will tax him? (The candy of every politician). Negative
SYRIZA has a program of objectives and may become a capable bourgeois government. It is not a disaster for the system nor a Radical Left. Positive
PASOK once had money for advertising. Helicopters, horses, comrades, and hounds. Now, only supers. Negative
Looking at the ND statehood ballot, I wonder why they got so much to kidnap it. Crimea. Another missed opportunity .... Negative
SYRIZA is patriotic in the sense that it is with us and internationalist in the sense that there are no others. Negative
Hatzinikos of equal distance sat down and read the program of Syriza (along with Traga to make nothing worse) Negative
not ALL, we are with the KKE we want and we are. Positive
Venizelos: Agorbos intimidation from ND - 'Voice of tolerance' in the new government | reporternewsgr Negative
PASOK in these elections will take ........ you know what. What a little bit ... and I was crashing this year. This ... Negative
and Potami is a remarkable solution for people. Positive
Preveza: INCREDIBLE !! The NU of SYRIZA Preveza contests announcement by the coordinating committee of ... Negative
Right X-Trem (i): CLICK! The first spot of Panara with mad laughter: Vote for us for SYRIZA Negative
The Anglerization of Southwest has brought Fortsakis Negative
filologos10: The Anglo-Southeast of NW brought the Fortsakis via Negative
The Anglerization of Southwest has brought Fortsakis Negative
Betting that Syriza will not solve any problem based on the fact that the same problem exists across Europe ... Negative
The Anglerization of Southwest has brought Fortsakis Negative
The Anglerization of Southwest has brought Fortsakis Negative
The Anglerization of Southwest has brought Fortsakis Negative
financing why it gets; Negative
At the SYRIZA site and in the "Programming Positions" section, there should also be a comprehensive text with the positions eg. for economy? Negative
. One is warned by reading to you if you do anything else in your life beyond mocking Negative
Whoever finds a better post, is ... a fighter ?; !!! ND, college school, see Adoni, Voridis, Gerekou etc !!! Negative
Me, however, the ND spot with Nicholas persuaded me. That I did well that I left abroad. Negative
P. Lafazanis (ND works with a montage, sad these methods of (old lapavitza interview Papamikou) Negative
IN THESE ELECTIONS, WE SHOULD HAVE TO BE IN OUR MYLLES NO PAINS & SPIRITUAL WORDS, BUT THOSE WHO ARE LOOKING FOR US IN THIS PASOK & ND DISTRICT Negative
I'm worried very much with the certainty that AT will not be a 3rd party and will be one of those that have not been tested anywhere !! Negative
As long as there is a world in this country that votes for you and we DO NOT have a future Negative
We have and say: Kassidiaris to blame, President to fear, all the AH gathered and all the pause under the image of the Jizus. Negative
the politicians who come down for elections. The people tell us that the first people who have spoken for the situation are these. Negative
I hear posts from PASOK executives and I feel I owe them the oxygen they breathe because they developed the "national strategy". Negative
Does it adopt the ban on Mr Kaklamanis self-determination? Negative
E, after Pangalos says he will vote ND, it is time to vote for GAP Negative
"The NR. is the only line that has a compass target " Positive
These are the reasons we keep ourselves ... Can anyone tell us if SYRIZA supports the University of Cyprus? Negative
Yakamatos: "ND victory comes from the Wild West ...". Positive
Dionysios Karalis: "ND is in PANIKO" Negative
Dynamically with Potamis in Imathia Ilias Iosifidou - Apostolou: Ilias Iosifidou - Apostolou Born and with ... Positive
All the reserves for Tsipra and SYRIZA are published by foreign media Positive
Pangalos: I will vote Samaras in the elections to avoid SYRIZA The square brains have no choice ... Negative
Melas goes down to elections with 80% and neither his mother will vote Negative
I also bother to talk with supposedly defenders of the new, argumentative level "I make you mirror" .enough Negative
P. Melas returns to NW and there is no cloud right to fall. There they came down to us Negative
The fact that in Ψηφ. A biographer of Biological Eggs was included in the Criminal Code. They will need post-election Negative
Given the Tsipra article agreement with what the German media say so many days, I guess they have worked a lot PR in SYRIZA last. Negative
"New Democracy is a Responsible Party" LATER HEARTS WHAT YOU ARE Negative
TSIPRAS: they have not yet said that Syria will do it Negative
how is the policeman left and how he sees him right Negative
Let's make your plate in tl and come with the best of PASOK's right arguments to support the right, and you regret it Negative
Tsipras: ND is doing panic Negative
A clear victory message from the ND candidates Positive
Tzambadzis! Now let SYRIZA come up with character, folk. Negative
F. Gennimata: PASOK is one, has history and roots -] Positive
-I'll vote for the KKE to go against them. -11 8 80 Negative
It's like playing an international ping-pong with statements from SYRIZA and anti-statements from the lenders. Negative
Hatzidakis: SYRIZA is in a "pink ... Negative
Hatzidakis: SYRIZA is in a "pink ... Negative
Hatzidakis: SYRIZA is in a "pink ... Negative
those with the objective values proclaimed SYRIZA by pre-election? Negative
With SYRIZA we have already been in common struggles on social and environmental issues. We were next to ... Positive
Panic in ND with the barrage of assimilation of the spirit-spirit. They are drooping up to the sock. Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA is like a fly in milk on issues of immigration, security, border protection ... Negative
In fact, the main pre-election position of the SW 12 days before the elections is the "defense" of orthodoxy by the Communists? Negative
Kon. HOLEVAS OF ND sends Tsipra to the Holy Examination - Jihadist delirium! Negative
The truth is that SYRIZA will get into your house and fuck your sister, mother, and daughter Negative
Samaras went on to play it progressively, forgetting that now the base of ND is fascist. Oh, and now he's picking it up ... Negative
Those who vote for PASOK are those who owe them and do not want to break up and get a franc. There's no other explanation. Negative
Mommy said: "Shit of NW Jambia promotion you are doing in a cyprus interview with your psychodromps! Negative
This will do the different and we will pass the SYRIZE .. WOW Strategy Negative
Eva Kali, today at NERIT - "SYRIZA speaks with ambiguous politics Negative
"SYRIZA is in a" pink bubble "outside of European reality" Negative
Another word that bestows their SYRIZA program is: Jirjantzuli Negative
St. Theodorakis: "The nightmare of SYRIZA is his self-reliance" Negative
The repeated, anti-Hellenistic blow of the Syrian Member Negative
Theodorakis: "The nightmare of SYRIZA is his self-reliance": Stavros Theodorakis replied in his statement ... Negative
"Kostas Geronikolos gave races for PASOK" Positive
My SYRIZA candidate took the lighter. Of course, he never returned him. We started Negative
. ELECTIONS 2015 - "SYRIZA's nightmare is his self-reliance" Negative
For the rider, he has to make advertising at CAMP. if he wants to be called a subversive party Negative
Trends in the stock market even with a SYRIZA win seen by JPMorgan ... Positive
"On the guns" the hunters! Tsipras made no changes in SYRIZA's positions - He refused everything! Negative
and the Neo-Neo-liberal Wing of the Southwest licking the far-right wing for vicissitudes ... Negative
Samara from Ioannina: "Syria is the accident that should not happen. And it will not happen!" If you have a positive political speech, my child. Negative
The Samaar said that we can not get out of the crisis with those who led us to it. So SYRIZA will vote Negative
Very successful, however, that ND's tactics of dyslexia leave Alexis interviewed. Negative
St. Theodorakis: Potami as a strong third force will impose collaborations Positive
SYRIZA will come to get us women - we have no hahahaha Negative
10 reasons ... to vote SYRIZA Positive
Newsfish | Policy "The only thing they have not said is that SYRIZA will get you women" Negative
SYRIZA: ND uses Charlie Hebdo for her far-right parallelepiped Negative
Agritrop of SYRIZA has passed into Idiocracy levels Negative
ND: Mr. Tsipras's companions in Venezuela show what Greeks should avoid Negative
SYRIZA: Easier to find fleas in straw than seriousness in ND announcements - Dawn Online Negative
WHAT IS YOURSELF? To be fair is clopy paste of ... Negative
Hunters to Tsipra: "SYRIZA is abolishing our activity" Negative
ThePressProject: SYRIZA: Worse authoritarianism or the 18-year-old ballot: SYRIZA has issued a ... Negative
Mantelis: He returns money from the starter asking for favorable treatment. Do you tell Tsoukatos to come out and ask for the money from PASOK back? Negative
'' A GREAT REDEMPTION OF THE WORLD FOR NICE SYRIZA IN THE ELECTIONS '' GORGOS PANTZAS SUBMERSES Positive
Harry Klyn attack on SYRIZA - I'm not a puppet of anyone Negative
ND for the "eclectic affinity" of Tsipras Negative
KILKIS PAIONIAS VOICE: "Voting in PASOK and third place in a DEMOCRAT ... Positive
We call all Greeks from the patriotic left to the liberal right to join the ANEL Positive
The Anglerization of Southwest Greece brought the Fortsakis: Avgerinos Hatzichrysos candidate MPsViraeus Independent Greeks ... Negative
Hunters to Tsipras: SYRIZA is abolishing our activity Negative
I strolled uncomfortably and a car was passing by beside me! (You caught the implied, e?) Negative
The KKE is doing it well and it is superior Negative
PASSE ELA, KKE KNOWS 93%, 86% OF THE MEMBERS OF KE! Negative
she has to wear the beard - he is no longer center-left, like he liked to go to the crows - he did not go with the ND this fan Negative
Samaras: "SYRIZA is the second round of money there" Negative
So much rabies now in SW for the Tsipras bird? What the hell can not they wait until the 25th of the month? Negative
I would suggest to Kostas Simitis to do one of his own moves to prevent anyone from going to parliament Negative
Hunters: "SYRIZA and his leader lead to the abolition of hunting" Negative
If I went down with POTAMI, would I have a Bobby? Never Lampi Negative
THE PREGNANT CONCENTRATIONS OF ALL THE GREAT STAFF OF ND THERE ARE THESE BIGGES WHO DO NOT HELP THE HOUSE SALONOTERIES !! Negative
SCANDAL! They give state money to Potami that has never elected a deputy! Negative
.. And finally, Mr. Samara, your biggest achievement is to go Golden Dawn from 0.5% to 10% .. That's why you'll be left with history Negative
D. Koutsoumpas at MEGA: It is inconceivable that Mr. Tsipras invites the KKE to save the eurozone together Negative
Why is the Greek people wanting to live now Kutsoumpa soft. And now we want to fight. But do not you be excited? Negative
A. Samaras: "SYRIZA wants to make Greek experimental animals - It's the second round of" money there "" Negative
Message from Swedish MEP Björk: SYRIZA is a great hope for Europe ... Positive
Anagnostou: SYRIZA excluded with their attitude ... Negative
Anagnostou: SYRIZA excluded with their attitude ... Negative
Anagnostou: SYRIZA excluded with their attitude ... Negative
except the river is the waterfall (in our eyes.) Probably there will go 5% :-) Negative
DRY ?? "Why does SYRIZA not say who will propose for PDs after the elections? Why is there a hidden agenda in this matter? Negative
Anagnostou: SYRIZA excluded the 18-year-old with his attitude Negative
You will eat SYRIZA that will come out of your ears ... Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA betrays unionists and those who want the drachma Negative
PASOK is like a ninth episode of any Game Of Thrones cycle. Negative
was to vote for a shortcut, but it is like voting for another four-year-old regime Negative
Samaras: With what SYRIZA says, the country will go to the bottom Negative
Insider Policies: Hunters to Tsipras: "SYRIZA is abolishing our activity" Negative
We can not be a ND party Negative
Vote SYRIZA my children. You did not understand what you were saving in 1945. Try the new Zachariád Negative
Can Kavadia answer how long Syria will take the country out of poverty? Why did she "forgot" to answer. Negative
Venizelos: Third power PASOK to have a national guarantee - Positive
ThePressProject: Lapavitsas: Surprising Supremacy SYRIZA to economists: Reply to critic ... Positive
Samaras: "SYRIZA leads us to exit the euro" Negative
that is what I was saying! To Commit AND KKE Government Responsibility & Not To Sit In The Corner To Cry Without Result! Negative
DISGRACE. IF IT WAS IN GREECE THIS HOPS SYRIZA SHOULD VOTE ... Negative
LaPavitsas: Surprising Supremacy of SYRIZA to Economists - ThePressProject Positive
What man does for self-reliance! Bravo Lakis! Worth! More violent propaganda as long as I do not live again. Until the AH took offense. Negative
We saw her Luki the Golden Eyes only a while ago. In Alpha. In political advertising. In your break, Lukas! Negative
Hey, hey, hey! Go with Jackri, Voudouri, and Rachel who "do not sit aside"! And DOL! Negative
"The New Zealand Guarantee for the Development of Thrace" Positive
D. Vitsas in bankingnews: ND once again alarmed - Draws the zombie of fear - So it undermines the country itself Negative
decided, Lazopoulos makes propaganda over Syria or bad in Syria? You are for fragments and fallen 8,000 euros a month. Negative
Such disappointment in NW written by Mourotis and the 9/10 that he did not support him Negative
"PASOK identified with the most conservative expressions of the right" Negative
G. Papandreou: PASOK identified with the most conservative manifestations of the right Negative
PASOK was identified with the most conservative versions of the right-wing via Negative
Think again about SYRIZA. We will not have anyone to fool around, and the fool's Rachel is a human being. Negative
This powerpoint of PASOK was made by DDB ??? Negative
SCANDAL! They give state money to Potami that has never elected a deputy! Negative
Stephen Sackur dissolves LaPavitsa and expands SYRIZA in 25 minutes. Negative
NEWS NEWS (No1 blog of Pyrgos Ilias): The ANEL No. 1 spot on Twitter! Positive
The ANEL No. 1 spot on Twitter! Positive
. The ANEL No. 1 spot on Twitter! Positive
Giakoumatos says ND will be the first party in the elections. I WANT WITH LOW PRICES OF THOSE THAT GOES Negative
"SYRIZA leads us to exit the euro": Attack against SYRIZA unleashed from Agrinio the prime minister ... Negative
TATSOPOULOS - POTAMI Help him take the other half Athens Shoot and enjoy the ... Negative
Interestingly, he said "he's talking about the KKE world and other left-wing people ..." Does the KKE recognize other leftists? Negative
It is worthwhile for Maxi to converse underground with ha through ballet. Negative
"PASOK was identified with the most conservative expressions of the right": I did not play the country on dice, as I ... Negative
"Model models prove, once again, catastrophically": Attack on SYRIZA and Alexi Chi ... Negative
sitestories.blogpsot "PASOK was identified with the most conservative expressions of the right": I did not play the ... Negative
I do not know the case but ND amendment was ... they can not ask for the change ... Negative
His political end was signed by Kammenos - Tafoplakas at ANEL. - VIDEO Negative
all the former victims and all the disappointed realists will be able to use a 3% Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA will lead the country to bankruptcy Negative
THE GOLDEN EGG IS IDEA, FAITH, IDEAL! via Positive
when the syriza comes out, they will go out for a good fight track Negative
Another was slapped, and he fell and he fell into depression because SYRIZA has him in the freezer! Negative
When GAP was in the debate about the deficit, the Southwest said for 6% & made spots for "green" parrots! That responsibility ... Negative
George tells him to be fair: Sarkozy initially supported him. He called him a mad, depressing, politician ... Negative
Wow! Very horrible today! Can I ask something; Is there life without you? Negative
After the Papandreou interview we discovered that apart from the people of Pax, on the right, the Greek PASOK is still trying to be here! Negative
Mitsotakis: Tsipras wants the KKE to rule with a neo-communist agenda Negative
Great mistake. The KKE places obstacles not only with its electoral rate Negative
ND bothers our bird ... Negative
that is, not to criticize SYRIZA not to go to the lists of gorgoniniaris, let us Negative
we will see your attitude when the SYRIZA government announces the recruitment of 100,000 IM for energy. Negative
While one revelation goes on the other side of the river FYEFORDs ... ... some living houses are threatening ... Negative
"Supporting ND asks Kostas Karamanlis" Of course with all five fingers you can tell him. 10 days left Negative
Reina Dourou: SYRIZA is ready to bring about the big change Positive
"Do not vote for SYRIZA because it will abolish the church," says the grandmother. It's nice not to shut it down, but when the world votes. Negative
and I was a PASOK going to hell Negative
Anna-Michel and let the moles, the southing of the south of the northwest of Athens I find no other. Negative
Send the river to the hell to be quiet because, as it is known, it does not turn back. Not like the GOP Negative
they talk so much about reforms in the Southwest that at the end they will believe it and they themselves do it .... Negative
STORLETIS: The people will give SYRIZA a clear and powerful command Positive
In a double trap of poverty and debt, 1/3 of Greeks ... and you have the ND to remind you that in Venezuela they shop twice a week Negative
what does the river have? it was learned that ... in this country and the yufti Negative
Scullete: "SYRIZA will get a clean command" Positive
AvantiPopolo: Reero Duro: SYRIZA is ready to bring the big change via Positive
Reina Dourou: SYRIZA is ready to bring about the big change Positive
Vertigo in SW The confusion of strategy and the passage from terrorism to the invocation of orthodoxy Negative
Let the ND take the glass to Robert Williams or Paschalis ... Negative
Fokion Fountoukidis: "Potami as a strong third force will impose on the old political system ... via Positive
Maria Spyraki, who today laziples Lazopoulos, is a ND spokesman or a tele-critic? Negative
THE MANIFESTO OF ND - THE KARAMANLIS SKANDALA! - via Negative
I will vote for the euro because I do not have, but I have 10000 drachmas I have kept to remember ... Negative
The corfu river and its sms have swarmed us Negative
Did anyone doubt that the pre-election KKE would say what others are wrong with, and do not even talk about what is right? Negative
They have completely escaped to AD. - Spyrakis attacks Lazopoulos Negative
Koukoulopoulos: "PASOK is part of the solution and guarantor of progressive stability" Positive
Lazopoulos '' KKE GOLDEN GAMES '' Negative
"Nonsense" featured SYRIZA's request for Samaras to cut debt in the presence of Rahoy ... And then our ... Negative
M. Varvitsiotis: SYRIZA's "European Program" is a new Memorandum Negative
Nikos Pappas: Collaboration? But the River was identified with the Samaras ... Negative
please tell us straight away also on a print screen: If SYRIZA comes out, the supermarkets are guarded by the army. Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA leads the country to exit the euro Negative
Hatzidakis: The dangerous thing is that SYRIZA means what he says Negative
Sharpening ... knives in NW - A.Samaras' political investment in scandalism crashes in elections Negative
We dry it out. SYRIZA is afraid, that's why it will eliminate hunting .... in general! Negative
Dora Bakoyannis: "The ND is the only line that has a compass and goal " Positive
FIXED Coma "And there are people who consider the River Party ..." Negative
Nikos Pappas: Collaboration? But the River was identified with the Samaras ... Negative
"The great power is the third" - The River. Change them all without destroying the country. Your Stream River! Positive
Syria will come and take the banks Negative
And we will pay them with joy! "Aglaia Kyritsi: They will all be recruited to ERT with SYRIZA Negative
"DOUROS: SYRIZA will bring fresh air to Greece" The zeiberk of the freshness is only danced by sour leftists. Negative
Do you call? "PASOK is and will remain the backbone of the center left" Negative
: No shame ... A PASOK cluster has visited Okaana today ... Negative
Samaras: "SYRIZA is an accident that should not happen" Negative
If you look at the photos that are being taken by the ND candidates you understand very well why they did not want to vote for 100,000 18ths Negative
Let us know if there are any other politicians like the so-called "fools" who disagree with polite citizens. Negative
the essential opposition is made on my friendship road. Where SYRIZA is absent. Negative
Dora Bakoyannis: "The ND is the only line that has a compass and goal " Positive
Playing SYRIZA since I was racing PASOK before it's like the bust with the chicks next to her who fucks and fucks him Negative
"ANEL will be a powerful force in the House" Positive
SYRIZA self-terminating ends the interweaving Positive
SCANDAL! They give state money to Potami that has never elected a deputy! Negative
will she cut SYRIZA her hand with the helmet she has for tattoos? Negative
"Spyrakis for Lazopoulos: The propagandist of SYRIZA's positions exceeded every limit of vulgarity" XAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXA Negative
In Newspaper's Newspaper, Samara says "I guarantee" what does he mean? is he mortgaging his personal property? or just say no ... for the time to pass Negative
Trolleys -> "Nationalization of cabotage has just been announced by SYRIZA Negative
The KKE responds to Tsipra "a worker can go without a pet" Negative
-I'll vote SYRIZA because I do not want to go out again. -Tzakris, Katselis, Kourouplis, Voudouris, Parastatides to continue? -... Negative
I'll be there too !!! CURRENT KKE Guarantee for the people! Positive
Socialism Re, with the jacket in the Dawn? And I wait for SYRIZA to get oil in the radiator? Negative
Daikoudis: In SYRIZA they put the ego in front of us Negative
PASOK FROM THE REAR DOOR TO YOUR HOLE Negative
With SYRIZA government will become vouchers in public places; Negative
Anagnostou: In SYRIZA they are more irrelevant and much more dangerous than we thought: Arrivals against SYRIZA threw ... Negative
SW: SYRIZA will quadruple the tax on middle-class properties Negative
I do not want the KKE now that the interview started. That's why Mourous is there. Rest the Left a little. Negative
what herbs were collected in the syringe Negative
Please tell a few of the members of the New Democracy party why they have cut off the pensions of the homosexual grandparents Negative
President will you put me in the House if I vote SYRIZA? Negative
How much% PASOK do you burn? Negative
The 30% of the undecided people say they do not vote ANEL because it is going to be out of the question! 30% of the undecided are victims of media propaganda Negative
SYRIZA and the "objective" evaluation of civil servants - Negative
In the interviews, the very good child, whom ND in the next elections will descend with Arnautoglou, seems the same. Negative
Well, let's understand and understand: on some issues, SYRIZA has positions, Tsipras did NOT know. This. Negative
Venizelos: PASOK's guarantor of stability Positive
"The first power is the river in Chania," said Stavros speaking in a room with many empty seats. Negative
I already see the next one with a photo of a candidate with SYRIZA and hashtag Negative
KIM JONG OUR OLE OLE OLE ETSI WILL THE SYRIZA MAKE US Negative
I see some write that SYRIZA has entered the field of social democracy. Logically in the last few months they would be in a coma Negative
I see TV spots in ND and I feel they are addressed to IQ people Adonis Georgiadis Negative
Half of the party lost within 2 years, and ANEL ended their eternal memory Negative
SYRIZA Larissa: Potamis is cloudy and drops ... sludge Negative
He convinced me, I will vote for the KKE Negative
Moraṁtis ("The country broke up in 2011." Sit down to see ... as the one who put the dynamite ... Negative
If SYRIZA comes out, the fish in the Aegean and the birds at the FIR of Greece will die! Negative
THE SYRIZA SHOULD BE BREED WITH YOU VENIZELOS: Through Negative
Liatsos states that SYRIZA will surely be the winner of the elections. Go to ERT with such a lullaby Negative
'Hell' on the backs of property owners! SYRIZA's announcements on taxes and ENFA reporternewsgr Negative
I like the representative of ANEL in the alpha panel. It has a political speech, strong presence, open arguments and non-existent orgasms Negative
we all are PASOK, only Nina is fighting SYRIZA Negative
CHALLENGE: A ND candidate is referred to a felony while being forbidden to leave the country! Negative
Syriacic mentality with old-world roots, that is, whoever is not syriza is Samaras. Negative
Without seeing it, I thought the new ND snake with my family and I say, how many times! but it was finally Beka. Negative
Permanently. The great shame of the Communist Party of Greece (KKE) is to have in its ranks the initials. Hellene at least (and I know what I'm saying) Negative
Answer SY.RIZA Aitoloakarnania in the "swan song" of Samaras Negative
BriefNews: Koutsoubas: We will not become cherry in the anti-oil cake of SYRIZA Negative
And all the while I thought the ND spot was the worst I've ever seen ... Kammen decided to refute me Negative
Koutsoubas: We will not become cherry on SYRIZA's anti-oil cake Negative
Stamatis: Unrelated and unscrupulous to SYRIZA | Negative
If you vote SYRIZA -> Big asteroid that will pass "scratch" from Earth on January 26 ... will destroy Greece ... Negative
ND is lost and looks Negative
After 25 years of sailing and a 5-year-long crisis, the wise people ended up with Samara and Tsipra, having fired a Nazi in the middle Negative
the good thing is that when the wheat comes, there will be no gas burners due to argentinization. So? or maybe not; Negative
P. Burned: They turned the SW into a bearded rag with convex crosses Negative
Right, the other I meant saying "those who say I'm going to SW are psychopaths and they get drugs" or something like that :) Negative
Koutsoubas: We will not become cherry on SYRIZA's anti-oil cake Negative
Do we want a Greece with politicians like Mr Fonti of SYRIZA to justify gas boats to "provocative" like him? Negative
To separate state-church, homosexual marriage and adoption, Syria is on the right of Obama. MT Even Obama remained liberal on Negative
The movie I wanted to see has only one projection, which falls on a lesson with absences Negative
Spoach and vitamins to survive the ten days that comes. Negative
Spoach and vitamins to survive the ten days that comes. Negative
to see all the movies I want in the only solution is the zigzagging. Negative
A fortune I will give back to the bourgeois. Negative
53th Thessaloniki Film Festival from tomorrow. The first to lose after 14 years. Unless... Negative
It was not a festival without rain! So the lightning falls, to make us happy. Umbrellas, walking in the harbor & salep! Let's go Negative
third year to go to Thessaloniki during the film festival days and I will not see any movie Negative
Here he fights with sim & mobs & grumbles for his bulls on Negative
Oh, from tomorrow to see a movie you have to eat in the nuts of a lot of hipsters! Negative
Fog, rain and cold ... It smells Negative
It starts tomorrow at the Thessaloniki Film Festival and I am sorry that after 11 years I will not be there :( Negative
Fog, rain and cold ... It smells Negative
Now that I'm getting what a good volunteer I'm going to put on my desk to go to sleep with an hour's sleep? Negative
With so many movies and so much jogging that we're going to take this year, we see falling into coca. Negative
With so many movies and so much jogging that we're going to take this year, we see falling into coca. Negative
What shall I do during these days Salonika ... Negative
Uf I headed with so many movies Negative
Tuesday and Wednesday, no OSE route will take place. I just learned it and changed my ticket for Thursday ... Negative
Always the Festival with a single number, they did not want me ... Let's hope the OSE problem is the last ... Negative
I want to see how many worldly ladies of Thessaloniki will be able to withstand the first 10th of Holy Motors or run squid at the opening party Negative
I want to see how many worldly ladies in Thessaloniki will be able to withstand the first 10th of Holy Motors or run the party at the party ... Negative
I want to see how many worldly ladies in Thessaloniki will be able to withstand the first 10th of Holy Motors or run the party at the party ... Negative
making a program for the festival! children, is there something happy or then I'm going to fall into psychopaths to get out of depression? Negative
Kylie is also tame ... Negative
Blind to have the lacy Holy Motors (2012), Negative
Anyone who succeeds in making movies like Holy Motors and making money pulls out the hat! : D: P Negative
The most bizarre opening film at 53 festivals. Of special interest. So he had nothing to say to our common mortals! Negative
We also went on to lead Kiliy Mingog in a film launching film festival, "Holy Motors". Reasonable. Negative
The most bizarre opening film at 53 festivals. Of special interest. So he had nothing to say to us the common deaths ... Negative
Finnish cinema film, in the first 5 minutes the protagonist from a random incident cuts his veins, as if Negative
★★ ☆ ☆☆ "30-40-50" The 1st part of the 3 was good. The rest 2 no. Negative
from the short length films, we learned today that Dimitra Doumeni played something between Kalisi and Katini. Oh, yes, and she grew up Negative
Festive start for the 53rd Thessaloniki Festival via Negative
Ultimately, 3-4 movies only in time there is neither money :( Negative
And Spongebob's Bob woke up to come to cut tickets at Negative
And Spongebob's Bob woke up to come to cut tickets at Negative
a bougainta with tapes Negative
basically a bunch of stripes that have been exhausted Negative
a bougainta with tapes Negative
I am constantly harassing the implementation of Hope you have not missed my terrible programming Negative
Well, the Ship for Palestine, black mud. Cancel your reservations NOW! (sorry ε_ Negative
Needless to tell you that at the opening ceremony I was sitting behind Bilios, which at some stage was bored and played with her curls Negative
The Land of Hope has so muddy and flushed plan that could play in Japan's ANT1. 3 * / 5 Negative
The Land of Hope: Tired, big and under the standards we are accustomed to Snoo. I only keep choreography 2 * / 5 Negative
It's a shame, Sion Sino, we've been doing you hype, you have not even shaken us. Only fine-tuned radioactive paralysis Negative
When Sion Soon turned the "dreams" of the torsos he made a sappy sopper with a bad playful 1/5 Negative
The Land of Hope (2012) Tedious, boring with ... comic moments. Negative
According to his translator who worked at Sionon, the vampires are killed with a 'bet' in the heart. Negative
The most tragic thing is that the stake = bet on subtitles was repeated CONTINUED while the screen was filled with passes ... Negative
Very mediocre jessie with good 2/5 Negative
★★ ☆ ☆☆ "Like in a Dream" The Portuguese managed to create a nice and boring job with beautiful pictures and good ideas Negative
So much hype I did for the Holy Teddy and eventually I came to the lotus Negative
I would go to the other I do not know to put stars Negative
The children of war: nice kids, I do not say, but if I remember this movie in a week I will be a great success 3 * / 5 Negative
My feeler in this festival was found by the strikes; Negative
Beyond the hill 2 * / 5 the guilty for the bumper are ... over the hill Negative
The Land of Hope has so muddy and flushed plan that could play in Japan's ANT1. 3 * / 5 Negative
★★★ ☆☆ "In the deep" Good performance of the protagonist but boring overall. Negative
Museum Hours: half a Vienna travel guide and half a museum tour, without any of the 2 good 1.5 * / 5 Negative
★★ ☆☆☆ The seagull played better than the protagonist. Credits sound like Sigur Ros, as in any Icelandic film anyway Negative
★★★ ☆☆ If you want to make a suggestion to your good grateful of a white cock after the end of the film. Preferably fake Negative
★★★ ☆☆ If you want to make a suggestion to your good grateful of a white cock after the end of the film. Preferably fake Negative
Museum Hours: half a Vienna travel guide and half a museum tour without working any of the 2 good 1 ... Negative
a non-film for the plastic arts sweet & abstract but tricky 3/5 Negative
½ ☆☆☆☆ "The Rebellion of Red Maria" See half to laugh! Ug Negative
Greek cinema dies every morning in the journalistic screenings of the Thessaloniki Festival. Negative
B. Ghobadi: "I decided to leave Iran bc I was scared for my life there. I couldn't show my work to my people."  Negative
Original DimitrisDX: Reviews Feed: Capital (Le Capital) (2 * / 5): The banks are the devil. And the ... Negative
Reviews Feed: Capital (Le Capital) (2 * / 5): The banks are the devil. And people who manage them ... Negative
If you've ever wondered what type of chips the chips play, The Boy 1 * Negative
"If you ever wondered what type of chips the chips play, The Boy 1 *" fyi turned it Negative
go "the stone of patience" :( Negative
All the films I want to see are sold out. Lucky cinepark holders. Negative
Parviz, you're a big kid. 50-year-old loser misses his shot and breaks out criminally in his most feel-bad oversaturated movie Negative
I have never seen THIS SAME color in movie. It's a bad cinematic. K respectively such a miserable disliked protagonist Negative
Aman with the sold out! Did Bellucci play and everyone was running? Negative
Aman with the sold out! Did Bellucci play and everyone was running? Negative
Just the wind 3 * / 5 is so close that it makes you feel even more uncomfortable with the subject. Negative
screw culture I'll just watch SPEC and not a heartbreaking japanese film  Negative
We had a door from Karabazzo, I am in the queue for Rhinoero that we will be a door once and I will not wait for the others, you understand? Negative
carpets carpets carpets black carpets. 0/5 Negative
No and no Moon panadol and paper towels. Negative
Just the wind 3 * / 5 is so close that it makes you feel even more uncomfortable with the subject. Negative
Tabu: Another Artist found us this year. gorgeous but without having anything to say (not only because it is mute) 2 * Negative
Tabu: Another Artist found us this year. gorgeous but without having anything to say (not only because it is mute) 2 * Negative
Cristian Moutziou: Lack of education leads to indifference - Negative
All right, how envy you are in is not called Negative
you're crazy about those who've been tearing up the wads on I'll get you a subscription to National Jeographic to get out. (and many years in Negative
Tomorrow, tomorrow, the Romans saved the mood :) Negative
neither in the six feet under such a deadly year in and not the other, but the movie was called Living Negative
I was expecting a more tearful, terrible 15-year-old protagonist, somewhere in the corner of narrative 3/5 Negative
Get the 3 tapes I've ever seen! And only the running I've done today is enough to say I'm tired! Good night! We continue tomorrow Negative
Travel to hell Negative
to become picturesque. the Icelandic 'in the deep' for so far: p Negative
So Far: sharpened old-wig travels from the future to today's bullshit, flies flies, hears hiphop Negative
Such movies are engraved without him or her Negative
I do not see them with food photos from her guests about it and I'm worried. you will soon tell us that we are not an erotic city Negative
Unlike the Greek-Turkish production, "Beyond the Hill", which I saw yesterday. Moderate ... Negative
Despite the credible efforts, with constant updating, the application continues to crash, unjustifiably ... Negative
Despite the credible efforts, with constant updating, the application continues to crash, unjustifiably ... Negative
No, jeez, bad! "Le Capital". Poor banks, average Gavras, at the premiere of the 53rd Thessaloniki Festival. Negative
No, jeez, bad! "Le Capital". Poor banks, average Gavras, at the premiere of the 53rd Thessaloniki Festival. ... Negative
Living 4 * / 5 if you endure at 1 o'clock, you need an even stronger stomach for the shocks of the rest of your life Negative
★★ ½ ☆☆ "Our Little Differences" Simple story with typical Germans and typical immigrants. Nothing great, a lot of stereotypes. Negative
Dead Man's Burden: Justice always defeats the end or very bad for nothing! At least we saw some wild west landscapes! 1/5 Negative
I came to see the "ship from Palestine" but I see the parody of the film, I SAVE. Negative
a Jewish film can be made like a Turkish martial arts Negative
Pick-up the bag, madam mermaid, here we are seeing a movie! Negative
After a failed film "The Last Time I've seen Macau" a crash for closing ... Negative
The complete failure of his masterpiece to remind and ambition tried more than he had to Negative
review: Parviz - Saplings, rotten tits, rotten soul ... Negative
with many who have died and are making mistakes or commenting on the fall of Serbia's morals? Very good interpretations but no meaning 2/5 Negative
Pick-up the bag, madam mermaid, here we are seeing a movie! Negative
★★★ ☆☆ "Rhino Season" Very good photo & story but the mummy is popping and rhinoceros Negative
If you have a teenage girl in Greece, NEVER go to Serbia. In Genre & Vissis cover the same movie. OIME! : p Negative
you want to say "what do you know today" and speak literally Negative
I wonder how many others felt that Macau lost their night Negative
the most distracting applause I've ever heard in a festival hall Negative
does he play anything safe for tomorrow because I will not stand another disappointment in the movie choices? Negative
after these measures there is no crazy mood for festivals.time to make our own film and go out on the streets Negative
The ship for Palestine has a great deal of talk but I will be laconic. Do not see it Negative
Get up 8:30 for the lesson and the teacher to strike! Written hours !! Oh, I was angry! I'm going to take my tickets Negative
So much hassle to get out of strikes and you postpone my screening? House ... Negative
"It will be a great disaster": Kostas Gavras condemns the gold mines in Negative
MT "It will be a great disaster" K Gavras condemns the gold mines Negative
MT "It will be a great disaster" K Gavras condemns the gold mines ... Negative
"It will be a great disaster": Kostas Gavras by condemning gold mines in ht ... Negative
"It will be a great disaster": Kostas Gavras by condemning gold mines in ht ... Negative
"It will be a great disaster": Kostas Gavras by condemning gold mines in ht ... Negative
"It will be a great disaster": Kostas Gavras by condemning gold mines in ht ... Negative
"It will be a great disaster": Kostas Gavras by condemning gold mines in ht ... Negative
"It will be a great disaster": Kostas Gavras by condemning gold mines in ht ... Negative
The Kaurismaki, Zappas-Shamriz and Mungiu press conferences will be tomorrow 7/11 starting at 11:00 - we were unfairly running today :( Negative
The Kaurismaki, Zappas-Shamriz and Mungiu press conferences will be held tomorrow 7/11 starting at 11:00 - unfairly ... Negative
MT "It will be a great disaster" K Gavras condemns the gold mines ... Negative
I want to have an afternoon movie and go to Warehouse 3 for coffee and do not follow. aaaaaa Negative
surreal black comedies for Bulgaria's "stadium" with unparalleled scenario & lukewarm interpretations 2/5 Negative
By contrast, The Boyta, The Boy (Alexandros Voulgaris), over the very beautiful Soundtrack, I can not say that he won me ... Negative
The disappointment is "Loveless Zoritsa". Why would such films be shown at the festival? America in all its grandeur. Negative
Also, go to see The Capsule, it's an ideal opportunity for a 35-minute sleep! Negative
★ ½ ☆☆☆ "The student" Very slow to play at siesta time. In Greek: ΥΠΝΟΣ! Negative
Episode screening, completed smoothly, in a movie, with good ideas but moderate performance ... Negative
Life is a circle and 'Tradition' is a boring movie! 1.5 / 5 Negative
Betrayal ... What I feel from this moment Negative
Sneaky characters, shy plot, 2 hours of courageous erotic square for a thrilling shave scene of 1.5 * Negative
Group breaks from Dabour! Children not seen ... laughter !! Negative
At the 40 'of Tabor I simply resigned. I apologize for the rest of the order I woke up to leave Negative
I've been filming for the first time in the first half of the movie !! Tabor with love 0/5! Yes this year we went to potato-sodas Negative
Sigara Timoiannaki "At the 40th of Tambour I simply resigned. I apologize for the rest of the order I woke up to leave Negative
Sneezy characters, tantrum, 2 hours of erotic erotic square for a thrilling shaving scene ... Negative
★★ ☆ ☆☆ "One month in Thailand" I would be happier if it were in the short films category. Negative
where do you take the children ... How much worse will this festival become? 0/5 Negative
It's out there. Be careful. You may suffer ... "Higuita"! Negative
It's out there. Be careful. You may suffer ... "Higuita"! Negative
I want to knock on Muchla. It is unbearably slow without anything being done. 2 * / 5 Negative
Civil War - Immigrants - Religion - Racism It is trying to say a lot and, unfortunately, loses it. Pity... Negative
★ ☆☆☆☆ "Dead Europe" Varyydopi tangle with plaque and allegorical characters. Rich production. Negative
Dead Europe: At least 5 spectators in front of me voted "very bad". I felt better. Harami and the very good interpretations Negative
★ ☆☆☆☆ "Dead Europe" Varyydopi tangle with plaque and allegorical characters. Rich production. Negative
Civil War - Immigrants - Religion - Racism It is trying to say a lot and, unfortunately, loses it. Kr ... Negative
Dead Europe at. The scenario must be written by Papaciatis with a pseudonym Negative
½ ☆☆☆☆ "Dead Europe" A puzzling pseudo-realist, self-serving and cliché. Negative
Papakiatis directs the Sixth Sense of Beating and Jews. Dead Europe Negative
the next time I score as you want, stupid Negative
to get sick in the big shit Negative
I wonder why he changed the app of his next Festival. Law: That's what you do not tease. Who is now returning all the movies? Negative
Very "Family Stories" this "Everybody in our Family". Well done but indifferent. Negative
Tabur (2012) The worst film of the festival so far. Endless scenes without dialogue with supposed symbolism. Negative
Tabur (2012) The worst film of the festival so far. Endless scenes without dialogue with supposed symbolism. Negative
53rd Thessaloniki Festival: Fortunately "Kame Koummando" does not do anything! Negative
53rd Thessaloniki Festival: Fortunately "Kame Koummando" does not do anything! Negative
review: Kame Koummando, all the coffee and trembling. (before you go, do not go and read) Negative
What does the poet mean to say; Negative
Someone is an adult night diaper in Amalia Moutousi Negative
Every shot of Moutousa over the paranoid and creepy affection has a third reading as 'I am surrounded by unapologetic' Negative
Director: Amalia Moutousis is not here, with the actors of the film. Viewer: Only on Lagarde list. View "Hara," Olympion Negative
★ ½ ☆☆☆ "The Capsule" Devotion as far as it does not go ... Fortunately short. Negative
½ ☆☆☆☆ "Haggita" The score is for the first 30 'of the film, then I left. Negative
★ ☆☆☆☆ "Haggita" The score is for the first 30 'of the film, then I left. Negative
Inside (2012) The movie just did not exist. Zero scenario, zero act, zero interest. Negative
Inside ... in the Bucket? P Media (2012) The movie just did not exist. Zero scenario, zero act, zero interest. Negative
Today I saw "Made in As" big stupidity! Of course something he wanted to say but so he did say it better not to say it 0/5 by me! Negative
Today I saw the "Made in As" big stupidity! Of course something he wanted to say but so he said it better not to ... Negative
haggita = like Chinese torture. Negative
I'll scare you "The Capsule 4.5 * / 5 even if it was not a movie but video art, it was a beautiful artwork ... Negative
Kapsika Mizanli "The Capsule" Negative
haggita = like Chinese torture. Negative
to be a cow is rummaging around in Ankara & the pussy 0/5 Negative
Inside (2012) The movie just did not exist. Zero scenario, zero act, zero interest. Negative
Most of all I'm hurt because you made me see a BAD Turkish film, it is the demotivating and self :( Negative
In the bedroom | Tomas Vasilevski not a fan of the Polish. Difficult human relations but let's go a bit further 2.5 * / 5 Negative
what Greek directors advertise their films rejected as "forbidden" Negative
In the bedroom | Thomas Vasilevski not a fan of the Polish. Different human relations but let's go a little further ... Negative
review: Higuita. self-indulgent smirk and other bruises Negative
Damianakis: "I had an incredible company and suddenly we were left alone, we hear the air nature, etc." Hmmmm Negative
½ ☆☆☆☆ "Kame Koummando" An elderly armed man wanders around in the cliffs and tells how many times he is. Delirium without even plaque Negative
review: Higuita. self-indulgent smirk and other bruises Negative
Damianakis: "He's always guiding us. We live hard times, so I put on a female voice" again a hmm Negative
Damianakis on stage with a dog: "allow me not to explain." In a couple of days you may get a message from the scene "Hmmmm Negative
½ ☆☆☆☆ "Kame Koummando" An elderly armed man wanders around in the cliffs and tells how many times he is. Deliverance without the ... Negative
What good did not I see Damianakis for a dog scene: "In a couple of days you may get a message from the scene" Hmmmm Negative
review: Higuita. self-indulgent smirk and other bruises Negative
Ah, the first boyfriend the boy can offer as many moments as hell! Negative
in a bedroom or very bad for nothing. At least "we" have "laid eyes" on us ... Negative
At Nur, the real protagonist was the rally truck. On the other hand very mediocre film, I do not recommend 2/5 * Negative
I discovered the worst joke from Unexpected Passion. You listen, The Stranger, an Ancient in modern Athens. Negative
In an ideal world would be a cult crossover movie that Stranger meets and battles with Kame Koummando Negative
In an ideal world would be a cult crossover movie that Stranger meets and battles with Kame Koummando Negative
exquisite filmmaking, excellent performance, yuou arch without purpose. Negative
however, in the Q & A of The Capsule, I wanted to ask "why?". Negative
Unbeatable and much lower than expected the new kiarostomi 2.5 / 5 Negative
A malignant achtermach at 1.5 / 5 Negative
A malignant achtermach at 1.5 / 5 Negative
With bother and suffering I saw the kad svane dan and I loved it a lot Negative
To fly with the crane (2012) The film was about going to go ... A non-existent scenario, a zero plot and a slow rhythm. Negative
And, unfortunately, the days that they wish never to reach, but this is the end of We do not fall but we will enjoy it till Sunday! Negative
And unfortunately, the days that they wish never to reach ... this end of We do not fall but we will be ... Negative
And unfortunately, the days that they wish never to reach ... this end of We do not fall but we will be ... Negative
The lantern for pedestrians outside his warehouses turns green only for Chuck Norris Negative
The lantern for pedestrians outside his warehouses turns green only for Chuck Norris Negative
The lantern for pedestrians outside his warehouses turns green only for Chuck Norris Negative
The lantern for pedestrians outside his warehouses turns green only for Chuck Norris Negative
The lantern for pedestrians outside his warehouses turns green only for Chuck Norris Negative
I'm wearing a wig Chuck always there The lighthouse for the pedestrians outside his warehouses turns green only for Chuck Norris Negative
I blew my films to the worst of everyday misery without script (Japan-Mexico-Congo-Beijing) Negative
As an old (bad) Thessaloniki Festival! Negative
I blew my movies out of the scenes of the misery of everyday life without script (Japan-Mexico-Congo ... Negative
Koita mama without a script !!! Negative
I wonder why all these things happen to me this year and I said I did not like the way Negative
Honestly after this year I should have to see what blockades I have seen in my whole life to meet !!! Negative
The lantern for pedestrians outside his warehouses turns green only for Chuck Norris Negative
girl crying out of the glass ticket store "I've been waiting all week for these two Saturday's shows and it's sold out" Negative
girl crying out of the glass ticket counter "I've been waiting all week for these two Saturday sessions ... Negative
from now on we will not say "slower than death" but "slower than Sudoeste" Negative
Southwest: slower than Bella Tara really, we hoped at least because of a title to have some move Negative
Neighboring Sounds 2 * / 5 this Brazilian "slice" of brazen material had a downfall, but I prefer to die rather than to rewind it Negative
We hear complains about 'Journey to Kythira' for their snorting Greek directors who do not come to pretend movies Negative
Lol that Tonia 'Bond Girl' Sotiropoulou makes name drop Skyfall in her introduction to Berberian Negative
Lol that Tonia 'Bond Girl' Sotiropoulou makes name drop Skyfall in her introduction to Berberian Negative
Still I did not step on my leg and we left for festivals. The shit we did not find a ticket for "behind the hills". Negative
The director of BerberianSoundStudio sent us a message: If we sleep is OK. He does not know why he made a movie, nor has anything to say Negative
The director of BerberianSoundStudio sent us a message: If we sleep is OK. He does not know why he made a movie, nor ... Negative
If I sat at the entrance of my apartment building and waited for the ones who were bumping I would spend better! Mercy! Negative
Eventually I was not meant to see any Dresden film. The writer was about '' Cloud 9 ''. Negative
I'll pass Seidl alone. Traitors. "Paradise: Faith" Negative
★★ ☆ ☆☆ "Beyond the Hills" Very slow ... Negative
I was exhausted The boy is eating the bird's food (2012), Negative
Finding a man to stay until the end of Southwest (without sleep) to find out Negative
I alone spent it myself, and in the end I was kneeling. Negative
Other bets and stakes, the translations of the Youth Plan need work. I miss the Storyteller season Negative
See today at 19:30 Loznitsa Fog Person only if you are not sleeping. His slower movie maybe ("good, but") Negative
We miss the post-festival views, especially now that everything has been exhausted (drag & drop friend here) Negative
All of you who booked your tickets and I did not even find one to know you I hate. Negative
And finally, I wish good courage to those who have chosen to see Tony Kravitz ... Negative
All of you who booked your tickets and I did not even find one to know you I hate. Negative
But the film's hero was called Brooke. Brooke! Like Ritz's chick, for God's sake. Negative
All of you who booked your tickets and I did not even find one to know you I hate. Negative
Protest of the Pan-Hellenic Cinema Critics Association: As an old (bad) Thessaloniki Festival, No 2! Negative
EPIC letter: As an old (bad) Thessaloniki Festival, No 2 | News - Negative
very much he wanted to be missing but instead he was sleeping. then the good intentions 2/5 Negative
Disappointing the first half of Drama's "award-winning" shorts. Only he saved it Negative
It is no regret that his public voted for Papadopoulos & sons for a better Greek film. Negative
It is no regret that his public voted for Papadopoulos & sons for a better Greek film. Negative
It is no regret that his public voted for Papadopoulos & sons for a better Greek film. Negative
Greek film award-Mihalis Kakogiannis Papadopoulos and sons (is being hosted) Negative
Greek film farewell: the boy eats the bird's food (what's the title and what) Negative
FIPRESCI Award to the Boy Eating Bird's Food ... The stupidity in all its greatness !! Negative
He was awarded a prize in Tabor !! E do not go well !! Negative
Greek film farewell: the boy eats the bird's food (what's the title and what) Negative
Greek film farewell: the boy eats the bird's food (what's the title and what) Negative
It is no regret that his public voted for Papadopoulos & sons for a better Greek film. Negative
The movie screened at the ending ceremony was at least ridiculous and now I will not go to the party because I'm a body in fatigue! Negative
½ ☆☆☆☆ "Albania" Negative
The second part of the Drama Short Film Award was AWAY GOOD. Who shit thought to split the two parts unevenly? Negative
The second part of the Drama Short Film Award was AWAY GOOD. Who shit thought to split up so unequally the 2 me ... Negative
Papadopoulos & sons got a public prize. WHAT IS PUBLIC HERE? Negative
Papadopoulos & sons got a public prize. WHAT IS PUBLIC HERE? Negative
"Papadopoulos & sons got an audience award. WHAT IS PUBLIC HERE? THEN YOU! Negative
the culmination of a tragic film title transcription in Moutzi's short "Nothing By Chance" as "Accidental, I Do not Think" Negative
the culmination of a tragic film title transcription in Moutzi's short film "Nothing By Chance" as "Accidental, De ... Negative
hahahaha plaka you are the culmination of a tragic translation of the short of Moutzio Nothing By Chance as Random, I Do not Think Negative
All license. In the meantime, post-festival depression will begin. I believe that. Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Negative
Papadopoulos & sons got a public prize. WHAT IS PUBLIC HERE? Negative
All license. In the meantime, post-festival depression will begin. I believe that. Warehouse C (Warehouse C) ... Negative
Fact: All Instantly A Beginning Post Festival Depression Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Negative
Festivals have already begun goodbye & I'm sorry. Another intense 10 day with code 53 will be history in a few hours ... Negative
All license. In the meantime, post-festival depression will begin. I believe that. Warehouse C (Warehouse C) ... Negative
Covered Life (2011) If it was short, it would be good. Interesting idea and atmosphere but boring in its entirety. Negative
Kid somewhat evidently got a little too short at the point that he says nothing of his 2 * Negative
Kid somewhat evidently got a little too short at the point that he says nothing of his 2 * Negative
The Festival is over, problems continue ... via Negative
Covered Life (2011) If it was short, it would be good. Interesting idea and atmosphere but boring in the whole ... Negative
I hear suggestions of exemplary punish thailand (50 + years) that talk about the time of the movie Negative
★ ☆☆☆☆ "The Patience Stone" Poor interpretations, combined with non-existent directing, have a shocking scenario. Negative
They all come and farewell slowly ... so the only day I do not like at the Festival is the last Sunday. Pfff ... Negative
They all come and farewell slowly ... so the only day I do not like at the Festival is the last Sun ... Negative
19 films this year (depression has already begun) Negative
★ ☆☆☆☆ "The Patience Stone" Poor interpretations, combined with non-existent directing, are a shocking sen ... Negative
The children of the war | Very good director but up there. Also behind the back she thought she went for coffee with her co-star 3 * / 5 Negative
19 films this year (depression has already begun) Negative
19 films this year (depression has already begun) Negative
In the queue for the rhino season and when you write me! The invitation will go! Negative
last seen inexperienced world and confused with queues of those who have and have no tickets. "yes" lady is calling Negative
her daughter to look on her grandfather's agenda to find out where she works in order to put her in. this country is going to save ... Negative
last seen inexperienced world and confused with queues of those who have and have no tickets. "as is" ... Negative
Started the Post Festival Depression Negative
OK then. We will miss the moments, but tonight the Dating at the 15th Documentary Festival now (15-24 March 2013)! Negative
OK then. We will miss the moments, but tonight the Dating at the 15th Documentary Festival now (March 15-24, 2013)! Negative
OK then. We will miss the moments, but tonight the Dating at the 15th Documentary Festival now (15-24 ... Negative
OK then. We will miss the moments, but tonight the Dating at the 15th Documentary Festival now (15-24 ... Negative
And you're lying to us. Let's go! Negative
19 films this year (depression has already begun) Negative
And now what will happen without a Festival? They were a sort of solution. Good Week! Negative
And what? That's it; Does not it have today? Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Negative
And what? That's it; Does not it have today? Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Negative
Somewhat dropped my scores for the films of the last five days of fever will blame Negative
yesterday I passed from the port. all empty. either banners, no posters, no world, no storage, no deserts, no life. Negative
yesterday I passed from the port. all empty. either banners, no posters, no world or nothing, the depots deserted & no life. Negative
From 2012 Top10 of Cahiers du Cinéma I have not seen, only one movie & ironically played in ... in :( Negative
Day it is, friendly advice along with the beautiful sweatshirts & bags you have, make up & an umbrella ;-) Positive
start screaming by cinematic delight for his movie launch Positive
The "Holy Motors" will open up See a new, even more fucked up, movie trailer Positive
And all this while we went into the countdown ... Ten and today, for :-) Positive
waiting with distress! Positive
start screaming by cinematic delight for his movie launch Positive
let the dances begin Positive
let the dances begin Positive
And YES I am & this year's volunteer in I expect you Salonika !!!! Positive
And YES I am & this year's volunteer in I expect you Salonika !!!! Positive
Almost a week only! We look forward to crazy impatience! Positive
Almost a week only! We look forward to crazy impatience! Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Landscape in the Mist" Of My Favorites Positive
The other Friday, November 2nd = 53rd Thessaloniki Film Festival ;-) Positive
A huge smile :-) Yuhou !!! The other Friday, November 2nd = 53rd Thessaloniki Film Festival ;-) Positive
+1! The other Friday, November 2nd = 53rd Thessaloniki Film Festival ;-) Positive
Without Distribution: "Violeta went to heaven" by Andres Wood - Wonderful & magical cinema that we will see in Positive
7 days to bring the cinemas back to the harbor & comment on movies walking midnight on the pier Positive
classic pigeon case on lynx! :) See you Positive
if so, do not come with bermuda and cool down! we are waiting for you !! :) Positive
immediately see the survival guide for it from Tell me where you will find best? Positive
At (53rd Thessaloniki International Film Festival) you will find all the comments of viewers for the 10-day event. And I hope yours, do not worry :) Positive
I look at the program I've made for it and it's so beautiful and I embrace it and yell IT'S SO FLUFFY Positive
sent me a fluffy program Positive
So many movies, so little ticket money Positive
At (53rd Thessaloniki International Film Festival) you will find all the comments of viewers for the 10-day event. And I hope yours, do not worry :) Positive
We've closed our return from Thessaloniki ... READY FOR?) Positive
I have an annual Hurray card! Positive
The Festival team is preparing to welcome you to the strongest cinematic experience of the year! Positive
The Festival team is preparing to welcome you to the strongest cinematic experience of the year! ... Positive
and I for five days, around there I will go around ... :) Positive
The Festival team is preparing to welcome you to the strongest cinematic experience of the year! ... Positive
The Festival team is preparing to welcome you to the strongest cinematic experience of the year! ... Positive
Fetishdaaaaaal! the ThessFest, the application for Android mobile is here Positive
Fetishdaaaaaal! ThessFest, its application for Android mobile is here ... Positive
jupi! the ThessFest, the application for Android mobile is here Positive
I'm going to see the road for or too slipped; : P Positive
I am increasingly afraid of it In Athens we do not even have a serious site, and you have * android application * Positive
ya to ya ya ya! you have to come once with her Positive
I'm afraid more and more deadly In Athens we do not even have a serious site, and you have * android application * ... Positive
In about 8 hours SALONIAN !!!!! be ready for me;) Positive
I am very proud to present "Cinema Thessaloniki", a recording of her film history Positive
I am very proud to present "Cinema Thessaloniki", a recording of the cinematic history of ... Positive
And to catch the cold !! I can not go to the festival with sun! It's unethical Positive
Something tells me that it will be sold-out and this year almost all of its projections so make your reservations in time (2312-202250) Positive
I want to see "Le Capital" by Kostas Gavras (he will be with us at the Festival) on Saturday (3.11) as part of the day of Francophonie. Positive
yesterday I installed my ThessFest on the mobile, the quartz and sent 2 suggestions to make it better. with an update today. wow Positive
Good evening! Updated in iOS app ?! Positive
And to catch the cold !! I can not go to the festival with sun! It's unethical Positive
yesterday I installed my ThessFest on the mobile, the quartz and sent 2 suggestions to make it better. with update ... Positive
And to catch the cold !! I can not go to the festival with sun! It's unethical Positive
I just installed the Android app. The journey to the films of the festival begins! Positive
Woot! I just installed the Android app. The journey to the films of the festival begins! Positive
I'm afraid more and more deadly In Athens we do not even have a serious site, and you have * android application * ... Positive
I'm afraid more and more deadly In Athens we do not even have a serious site, and you have * android application * ... Positive
rt - 53rd International Thessaloniki Film Festival: The Absolute Dust for Minor Losses ... Positive
Impressed, its Android app is installed & on the card. Thanks, we with poor footprint mobiles :) Positive
I'm afraid more and more deadly In Athens we do not even have a serious site, and you have * android application * ... Positive
22 films entered the program for the festival. :-) Positive
our good festival! :) Positive
If & beta, the first impressions of its application are very good. Well done Positive
- 10 suggestions for all tastes! Positive
It closes this year 20 years of internationalization and we celebrate it with a great tribute! Positive
One month begins cinematically. 1 day left! From tomorrow very guitar ... Positive
Good month I told you ???? No! Good Months ... and a special good month! ;-) Positive
53th Thessaloniki Festival: Free Invitations Positive
53th FILM FESTIVAL FILM FESTIVAL FILM FESTIVAL The passionate images of Leos Carax Positive
Good morning my salvation! Positive
lucky lucky Salonika, from tomorrow you will have me on your feet for 2 weeks! Positive
festive explosion in Thessaloniki :-) Positive
Malamata's proud sponsor at the 53rd IFF! From tomorrow we'll all be there Positive
festive explosion in Thessaloniki :-) Positive
have a good month people. festivals, the city is really celebrating .. Positive
Dead Europe The sharp and atmospheric thriller of Tony Krawitz on the hectic streets of modern Europe. Positive
"Berberian Sound Studio" Peter Katrina (Katalin Varga) pays tribute to Italian horror films of the '70s. Positive
H supports Retsina Malamatina proudly supports the 53rd TIFF! Thanks! Positive
festive explosion in Thessaloniki :-) Positive
So we are waiting for you, come all southern !! Both Western and Eastern! :) Positive
So we are waiting for you, come all southern !! Both Western and Eastern! :) Positive
So we are waiting for you, come all southern !! Both Western and Eastern! :) Positive
With rain and air, we are coming to you! Positive
Very nice and this year's mobile app. And they stayed for a few hours Positive
(Sine) Olympion rides & tobacconists with such a view from tomorrow ... what else do you want? Positive
(Sine) Olympion rides & tobacconists with such a view from tomorrow ... what else do you want? Positive
Tomorrow begins and we are glad to welcome you to Olympion in Aristotle & in the warehouses in the harbor! Positive
The whole city is celebrated. An inappropriate feeling. Something that you need to experience is intense and you can move in its rhythms. Positive
You want to sleep to wake up early but you can not because you think it starts up & you will run constantly but you will like it. Positive
will we see you at?! Positive
Ante tomorrow the premiere !!! Good for us?) Positive
I finally finished my program for tomorrow's start-up! Positive
our loved one by ulrich seidl & at AMOUNT HEAVY !! I still remember the masterclass YOURSELF in the warehouse 1 :) Positive
"Ready. let's close and no suitcase now have an awesome time! Eat gulturo-well! Positive
Opens the curtain of the 53rd Thessaloniki Film Festival - Cinema - United Reporters Positive
our loved one by ulrich seidl & at AMOUNT HEAVY !! I still remember the EXCELLENT masterclass p ... Positive
Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
Good start, Positive
And your shadow! Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
how glad I am seeing you again! Positive
Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
boom! Here it is, I'm shooting a movie Positive
Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
Acquired accreditation or invitations for Thessaloniki Film Festivals, love is given :-) Positive
And your shadow! Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
Today we are going to cinema! Positive
Good start, Positive
And your shadow! Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
how glad I am seeing you again! Positive
Today we are going to cinema! Positive
Today we are going to cinema! Positive
At last it starts ... from today, every day of cinema! Positive
Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
At last it starts ... from today, every day of cinema! Positive
Okay, I'm psychologically ready for Positive
H supports Retsina Malamatina proudly supports the 53rd TIFF! Thanks! ... Positive
Let's start! Good Festival & Malamate Success to Everyone Positive
Hello to the co-founder! GIOUVILI !!!!!! Positive
HELIO is in the co-founder !!!!!!!!!!! Positive
HELIO is in the co-founder !!!!!!!!!!! Positive
I hope the time to be Greece to go to Thessaloniki !!!! Positive
no children, it is not meant without rain and cloudy! :-) Positive
Cinematographers, it's the big day! 53th Thessaloniki International Film Festival November 2 - 11, 2012 Positive
Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
I hope the time to be Greece to go to Thessaloniki !!!! Positive
HELIO is in the co-founder !!!!!!!!!!! Positive
Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
At last it starts ... from today, every day of cinema! Positive
Today we are going to cinema! Positive
the implementation is simply amazing Positive
how glad I am seeing you again! Positive
And your shadow! Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
At last it starts ... from today, every day of cinema! Positive
how glad I am seeing you again! Positive
Do not forget tomorrow in the Middle Ages begins the Film Festival. Positive
The whole town is celebrated. A naked feeling. Something that you need to know about it, you have to live it intense & move to ... Positive
And you do well !! "Today we go to cinema! Positive
Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
Today we are going to cinema! Positive
At last it starts ... from today, every day of cinema! Positive
HELIO is in the co-founder !!!!!!!!!!! Positive
At last, the opening ceremony began tonight. To cut off from all points of the horizon ... you have to live it !!! Positive
Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
What shall I do during these days Salonika ... Positive
Perfect Weather Welcoming for Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Positive
Good start! He comes for accreditations! :-) "Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
At last, the opening ceremony began tonight. To cut off from all points on the horizon ... must the g ... Positive
Weekend Contest! Upload a photo from the Festival until Sunday 4/11 with 5 winning invitations ... Positive
Weekend Contest! Upload a photo from the Festival until Sunday 4/11 with 5 winning invitations ... Positive
to Giorgos that we are waiting with great joy at the premiere of the film 'Papadopoulos & Sons'! With soon! Positive
the implementation is simply amazing Positive
Perfect Weather Welcoming for Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Positive
A dozen reasons to go to the 53rd Thessaloniki International Film Festival via Positive
A dozen reasons to go to the 53rd Thessaloniki International Film Festival via Positive
A dozen reasons to go to the 53rd Thessaloniki International Film Festival via Positive
In Thessaloniki .. Student memories of endless hours in dark festivals ... Such days I miss my city Positive
the implementation is simply amazing Positive
In Thessaloniki .. Student memories of endless hours in dark festivals ... Such days ... Positive
Perfect Weather Welcoming for Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Positive
In Thessaloniki .. Student memories of endless hours in dark festivals ... Such days ... Positive
Prepare suitcases for Thessaloniki. The party just started Positive
Prepare suitcases for Thessaloniki. The party just started Positive
Cloud 9: caught me and snapped me a bit. I would not think of a better capture of the question between 2 60 + years Positive
Excellent interpretations, internal direction & how you can capture realism without becoming a cynical 4/5 Positive
Cloud 9 (2008) Wonderful first film at the festival full of emotion, love and strong moments. Positive
Cloud 9 (2008) Wonderful first film at the festival full of emotion, love and strong moments. Positive
excellence in interpretations, inner direction & how you can capture realism without becoming a cynical ... Positive
Cloud 9: caught me and snapped me a bit. I would not think of a better capture of the question between 2 60 + years Positive
In Thessaloniki .. Student memories of endless hours in dark festivals ... Such days ... Positive
In one hour, the opening ceremony of "Looking forward to" Holy Motors ... off we go! Positive
Now that the update for iPhone comes out we can start off for its opening ceremony Positive
At last, the opening ceremony began tonight. To cut off from all points on the horizon ... must the g ... Positive
"Holy Motors" people today in the start! Run the world. Positive
The passionate images of Leos Carax. The images of Leos Carax films overflow with passion, intensity ... Positive
At the opening of the Thessaloniki Festival for the "Holy Motors" of Leos Karakos, one of the films of the year Positive
The whole tonight revolves around Bilios. Literally Positive
start viewing! Good reunion in the halls! ;) Positive
53th Thessaloniki International Film Festival, together with CineKarta 10 days Positive
start viewing! Good reunion in the halls! ;) Positive
Who's afraid of the Persian cat: a unexpectedly good look at Tehran's music. indie rock n roll 3.5 * / 5 Positive
Reunification with Aki Kaurismaki was also worthwhile Positive
no one can sketch rhymes, nausea, jokes, super scandal proletarians like the 5 / Positive
the tabasu finishes the other demet 3/5 Positive
The Souljazz Orchestra: The rising stars of the world's alternative jazz scene at Free Entrance Positive
Holy Motors 5 * / 5 - Thanks for the mindfuck you gave us. Positive
Stroll through the night in the cinema next to Thessaloniki! Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ "Holy Motors" Sureal the movie of the opening! 9 lives for a man, you definitely do not bother Positive
Leningrad Cowboys go american Aki Kaurismaki | Short, crazy with a rich repertoire Positive
a late start and for me in the West of Mungiu, a nice and quite typical Balkan film of 3.5 / 5 * Positive
we started !! Positive
Good timing!  Positive
Today, Ante will start for me because I read and envy you! Positive
Good morning and from Larissis station. The train, departs for the 53rd Thessaloniki Film Festival. Good trip ... :) Positive
Good morning! The first festive weekend begins and our contest continues until tomorrow night! Positive
Summer in Berlin / Andreas Dresen ★★★ ½ ☆ polu oraioi xaraktires, the atmosphere of the atmosphere, the paras ... Positive
★★★★ ☆ Who is afraid of the Persian cat? / Bahamian Gobandi foveri perigisi sto Iran, teleia mousiki kai sokaritstiko telos Positive
and he said it was "a rollercoaster that runs faster than the cinema frame" Positive
Kaurimaki 11 on Saturday morning and the tail at Olympion arrives out on the road Positive
where you think about seeing only one movie today, see Tabu. Positive
I'm looking forward to listening to my grandmother's sweetness right now. Positive
Today, Ante will start for me because I read and envy you! Positive
after yesterday, I officially wait for Denis Lavant to be recognized as God. Motors Positive
In a nutshell, Capital is extraordinary, stupefying, sarcastic about the democracy of buying but Chekouri tells the truth! Positive
Reviews Feed Starring: Holy Motors (4.5 * / 5): Either impress or repel the viewer, Holy Mo ... Positive
"Holy" 53! Premiere yesterday for the Thessaloniki Festival. Positive
"Holy" 53! Premiere yesterday for the Thessaloniki Festival. Positive
Blessed was the first day of the opening ceremony that was waiting for it ... Positive
Nowadays, in his shift to the 'land of hope', CHAOS is envisaged !!! And what good are the volunteers of honor? Positive
53rd BC and today the program has Panhellenic premieres for two great directors: Kostas Gavras & Nikos Koundouros ... Positive
Thanks! Nice link & incidentally good and Android app. Convenient and helpful. I look forward to arriving :-) Positive
Kaurimaki 11 on Saturday morning and the tail at Olympion arrives out on the road Positive
53rd BC and today the program has Panhellenic premieres for two great directors: Kostas Gavras & Nikos ... Positive
Kaurimaki 11 on Saturday morning and the tail at Olympion arrives out on the road Positive
Kaurimaki 11 on Saturday morning and the tail at Olympion arrives out on the road Positive
Thessaloniki is preparing tonight for the hottest festival ever! Warehouse C, 21.00, free entrance Positive
Thessaloniki is preparing tonight for the hottest festival ever! Warehouse C, 21.00, free entrance ht ... Positive
Thessaloniki is preparing tonight for the hottest festival ever! Warehouse C, 21.00, free entrance ht ... Positive
What will we see today? I say "The Land of Hope" and "a Piracy" Positive
A snapshot of the TFG by Niki Kefalas. There is a brilliant story. Positive
Thessaloniki is preparing tonight for the hottest festival ever! Warehouse C, 21.00, free entrance ht ... Positive
Bohemian life: Henry Miller would be proud of 3.5 * / 5 Positive
PANIKOS in warehouse Δ !!! Positive
Diver: Have a Gobad with a Music theme? strange, special road trip 3 * / 5 Positive
A waste of people in Warehouse D. Positive
A waste of people in Warehouse D. Positive
Diver: Have a Gobad with a Music theme? strange, special road trip 3 * / 5 Positive
Bohemian life: Henry Miller would be proud of 3.5 * / 5 Positive
A waste of people in Warehouse D. Positive
From today until Sunday only Positive
Dead Man's Burden European premiere tomorrow at - excited to bring my film to Europe in the city my family's from! Positive
It started with vintage Picking the day. Amnesty, poverty and fidelity 3 * Positive
What good do you spend there in Salonica !! Back to warehouse C Positive
one of the greatest homosexuals, Mijagi Positive
What good do you spend there in Salonica !! Back to warehouse C Positive
What good do you spend there in Salonica !! Back to warehouse C Positive
A waste of people in Warehouse D. Positive
And well to be sold out of Gavra, it makes sense, but for the Museum Hours, I did not expect it ... Positive
At least I went to get a ticket for "The ship for Palestine" by Nikos Koundouros ... Positive
Unsurpassed weather, the sold out of tickets and good mood at the ThPA Pier. Come on for a walk! Positive
Unsurpassed weather, the sold out of tickets and good mood at the ThPA Pier. Come on for a walk! Positive
Whoever wants to find a TABU, CAPITAL or joke! Positive
Unsurpassed weather, the sold out of tickets and good mood at the ThPA Pier. Come on for a walk! Positive
Unsurpassed weather, the sold out of tickets and good mood at the ThPA Pier. Come on for a walk! Positive
Perfect sunset shortly before piracy Positive
The land of hope: Japan, earthquake, accident, radioactivity, impasse, hope, slow. Nice two old men. Positive
"A Pirateship" started with the trailer and became a disillusionment in the hall :-) Positive
Tomorrow, every day I'll be in store C in the bookstore. If you bring your way in, I'll be very happy to see you! Positive
Cowboys: beautiful, sweet, well-directed and now I want blue chewing gum 3 * / 5 Positive
if not the world honored him Gavra | Olympion | Capital Positive
'A Pirates' realistic, documentary style, anxious, with the 2 basic interpretations to be distinguished! We started 3.5 / 5 Positive
Cowboys (2012) Moderate script, nice interpretation by the child and very good musical investment. Positive
Lost in Olympion for the premiere of "Capital" by Kostas Gavras Positive
★★★★★ "A Piracy" Very Possible! Two parallel worlds with breath-taking to the end! Positive
Who is afraid of the Persian cat? A film about music that knows no boundaries Positive
Alternative to the Holy Quaternity: Lotus, Religion, Family Positive
"jokes do not become bridesmaids" of the day. Sweet, funny and oddly true to the feelings of the Holy Tetra 3.5 * Positive
Alternative to the Holy Quaternity: Lotus, Religion, Family Positive
In Q & A of the Holy Trinity, 3 in 4 questions were 'to really be such things?' with all our galleries laughing ironically Positive
Lore: 1945, children crossed Germany. Slow imposing rhythm, terrible close-ups, very good Positive
★★★★ ½ "A Piracy" Adventure, anxiety and emotion. See it! Positive
A Hijacking 4 * / 5 for the CEO, plays a little ugly Danish Jude Law Positive
le capital excellent movie !!! Psychological / Financial Thriller Superman Photography Director "K Playing Continues" Positive
Tabu by Miguel Gomes. "In the hypnotic beauty poetic introductory part of the film .... Positive
'The Chapter' by K. Gavras explains how the international financial system works and is set up through banks. Very strong movie Positive
'The Chapter' by K. Gavras explains how the international financial system works and is set up through banks. Very ... Positive
'The Chapter' by K. Gavras explains how the international financial system works and is set up through banks. Very ... Positive
nice hearted talks on the buses for the festival films Positive
nice hearted talks on the buses for the festival films Positive
le capital excellent movie !!! Psychological / Financial Thriller Excellent Photography Directed by "The Game Continuing ... Positive
The Deep 1 * / 5, but gave us the quote "Do you have a bird girl?" and we will thank it forever Positive
'The Chapter' by K. Gavras explains how the international financial system works and is set up through banks. Very ... Positive
Lore: 1945, children crossed Germany. Slow imposing rhythm, awesome close-ups ... Positive
★★★★★ "A Piracy" Very Possible! Two parallel worlds with breath-taking to the end! Positive
Excellent Capital like Gavras ... Even from the full B'exotis .. Positive
Deep: Hymn to the Icelandic fisherman. Excellent protagonist, terrific images, simple story, very good Positive
Deep: Hymn to the Icelandic fisherman. Excellent protagonist, terrific images, simple story, very good Positive
nice hearted talks on the buses for the festival films Positive
And now party! Warehouse in the world. The whole ground floor dancing Positive
a beautiful, surreal journey, after imagination and reality, with strong film elements - noir ... Positive
★★★ ☆☆ You've seen one, you've seen them all. The acquaintance of Kauraptian history, the hapless heroes who are standing in the end. Wonderful Positive
★★★ ☆☆ You've seen one, you've seen them all. The acquaintance of Kauraptian history, the hapless heroes who are standing in the end. Wonderful Positive
Deep: Hymn to the Icelandic fisherman. Excellent protagonist, terrific images, simple story, very good Positive
The Deep 1 * / 5, but gave us the quote "Do you have a bird girl?" and we will thank it forever Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ "In the deep" I liked the fisherman though a bit slower than I expected it Positive
In the deep and Pirate today. Conclusion: The northern ones are doing a joyful and difficult life for the navy Positive
Someone said something about a bunch of films earlier ... Warehouse G. Yannis reggae. I have nothing else to say. Positive
Someone said something about a bunch of films earlier ... Warehouse G. Yannis reggae. I have nothing else to say ... Positive
The Deep 1 * / 5, but gave us the quote "Do you have a bird girl?" and we will thank it forever Positive
piracy ... shocking ... 4.5 / 5 You also felt you were a hostage ... Positive
in the deep, a true survival story in the frozen waters of the North Atlantic 4/5 Positive
What has a cheese pie in the Warehouse Just a little over the beers, what's most important ever or what Positive
What has a cheese pie in the Warehouse Just a little over the beers, what's most important ever or what Positive
PANIKOS in warehouse Δ !!! Positive
See all a highjacking. You will remember me Positive
'The Chapter' by K. Gavras explains how the international financial system works and is set up through banks. Very ... Positive
★★★★★ "A Piracy" Very Possible! Two parallel worlds with breath-taking to the end! Positive
Deep: Hymn to the Icelandic fisherman. Excellent protagonist, terrific images, simple story, very good Positive
forward to lose in his pictures! Positive
How do you not love Thessaloniki? Good morning :-) Sunset at Positive
forward for! to get lost in his pictures! real internal Positive
Kostas Gavras: Greece will find its way back to Thermi the reception of the audience in Capital - 53rd TIFF Positive
How do you not love Thessaloniki? Good morning :-) Sunset at Positive
With whom you have mood and festive appetites tonight, Cafe Victory 35, there, around 4:30 pm Positive
The good festival day always starts with a bouquet of Yannis in Warehouse C Positive
Yum! The good festival day always starts with a bouquet of Yannis in Warehouse C Positive
forward for! to get lost in his pictures! real internal Positive
The sold out at this year's festival is CONTINUED! Lucky cinekartaf owners if they have closed their tickets, of course, ... Positive
Excellent Capital like Gavras ... Even from the full B'exotis .. Positive
Gobanti's "Gospel", I loved it a bit, was a moving but funny road trip to Kurdish music 3,5 / 5 * Positive
★★★★ ☆ "A Piracy" Exceptional Danish cinematography Positive
The Deep 1 * / 5, but gave us the quote "Do you have a bird girl?" and we will thank it forever Positive
Millions of talks, live coffees, talks about fine movies & tributes, great sun! How not to love this festival Positive
Millimeter program, answer coffees, discussions about movies and tributes, wonderful sun! How not to love a ... Positive
Good festivals. Positive
This year the film festival is sponsored by Malamatina, a reason to love it even more! Positive
Millimeter program, answer coffees, discussions about movies and tributes, wonderful sun! How not to love a ... Positive
Favorite Ole. Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Positive
One of the elements I have always liked in the TFU is that the opening hours of movies are pious, even in the ... Positive
Gobanti's "Gospel", I loved it a bit, was a moving but funny road trip to Kurdish music 3,5 / 5 * Positive
day III! For 10 days to go to the halls, to care about the movie selection & disappoint you only the 'sold-out'! Positive
day III! For 10 days to lose in the halls, to care about the film selection & to disappoint you only ... Positive
Do you? I'm going to go this year too! Im! If you have not forgotten me ... Positive
Mold / Mold: Shocking internal interpretation and shots but until you reach the zoom, e, what says the title 3 * Positive
We are not experts, we are fanatics of the Festival. ZO Film Festival. Send reviews, reviews, strange Positive
Interesting in transferring it to Crime and Punishment ... Positive
It's definitely not his best film Crime & Punishment, but the first movie of a great filmography ... Positive
★★★★★ "Crime and Punishment" Crime and Punishment, film in every respect. "Then there is no paradise - maybe spiders" Positive
Have a nice meal between the CineCardAF screenings or a ticket at Festival Spots! ... Positive
★★★★★ "Crime and Punishment" Crime and Punishment, film in every respect. "Then there is no paradise - maybe so ... Positive
Mold / Mold: Shocking internal interpretation and shots but until you reach the zoom, e, what says the title 3 * Positive
★★★★★ "Crime and Punishment" Crime and Punishment, film in every respect. "Then there is no paradise - maybe so ... Positive
It's definitely not his best film Crime & Punishment, but the first movie of a great filmmaker ... Positive
Have a nice meal between the CineCardAF screenings or a ticket at Festival Spots! ... Positive
Good Leningrad Cowboys Go America :) Positive
Fist in the stomach, the movie-documentary 'Drunk Horses'! The reality without the pleasant touches 4/5 Positive
Anyone who sees Loveless Zoritsa today will laugh and go well. Balcan Funny Story! Positive
"A time for drunken horses" A strong, real and depressing film based on real facts! Positive
Drunken Horses by Bahman Ghobadi A cinema of anxious (without cliché), rich in feelings, open to all Positive
The hope is always the last Positive
Those of you who are Thessaloniki, take a walk from Olympia & Port for Strong Movies from all over the world. The Best Festival! Positive
Those who are Thessaloniki, take a walk from Olympia & port for Strong movies from all over the world. ... Positive
Those who are Thessaloniki, take a walk from Olympia & port for Strong movies from all over the world. ... Positive
Those who are Thessaloniki, take a walk from Olympia & port for Strong movies from all over the world. ... Positive
The children of Kinshasa were shocked by boom boom chaka Positive
The hope is always the last Positive
★★★★ ½ "Museum Hours" Weird, enjoyable, texts and pictures that fill you as long as you get used to the peculiarly beautiful pace of it Positive
★★★★ ☆ "A Piracy" Director is lugging pirates with the lyre for the crew. Is it business? Byzantine documentary Positive
the thing is great to make your mood Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Tabu" Where he went to confuse us managed with the atmospheric black and white Positive
A masterpiece of art in a movie of another era 3.5 / 5 Positive
Best bar in town ... Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Positive
A masterpiece of art in a movie of another era 3.5 / 5 Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Tabu" Where he went to confuse us managed with the atmospheric black and white Positive
★★★★ ☆ "A Piracy" Director is lugging pirates with the lyre for the crew. Is it business? Occupational documenta ... Positive
Night of Silence: A lesser pornoier to be the buddy buddy would be talking about the inconvenient pink diamond Positive
We are having a good time Positive
"The future with him was so blurry and vague." Not Arlein, but the best film of the first SC. Positive
Gobanti: I wanted to make a poetic film without the logic of fiction Positive
Sunday, evening and the queue, comes out of Olympion. Classical values ... Positive
Gobanti: I wanted to leave a little hope in the end. It is my first film in exile for this and personal Positive
Good visibility to those who have chosen it. - Guy Maddin (2011) [Review] Today 22:45 Room Frida Liappa Positive
Sunday, evening and the queue, comes out of Olympion. Classical values ... Positive
In time zero, Olympion-Port. I'm going for Olympics !! Positive
Was Tabu my birthday gift from the Thessaloniki Festival? I had time to spend so good. Positive
When the narrative follows not only events but images and sounds, only something very good can arise. Excellent Tabu. Positive
Zorica = 5 * and his best movie Let me tell you that I wanted you ... Positive
★★★ ☆ ☆ "Loveless Zoritsa" Vocal gothic comedy. Very enjoyable! Positive
Loveless Zoritsa 4 * / 5, the unyielding cursed who was looking for love and died in laughter Positive
Sunday, evening and the queue, comes out of Olympion. Classical values ... Positive
Lovely 'Loveless Zoritsa', dark fairy tale with humor. For those who like dark stories. The directors are talking to us! Positive
Lovely 'Loveless Zoritsa', dark fairy tale with humor. For those who like dark stories. We are talking about the scene ... Positive
Loveless Zoritsa 4 * / 5, the unyielding cursed who was looking for love and died in laughter Positive
★★★ ☆ ☆ "Loveless Zoritsa" Vocal gothic comedy. Very enjoyable! Positive
Zorica = 5 * and his best movie Let me tell you that I wanted you ... Positive
When the narrative follows not only events but images and sounds, only something very good can arise. Ex ... Positive
Gobanti: The film is for me a poem. I wanted to give this atmosphere and personal tone Positive
Joanna Drigo at the Residents, a concert what he needs after four screenings at Positive
Sunday, evening and the queue, comes out of Olympion. Classical values ... Positive
Joanna Drigo at the Residents, a concert what he needs after four screenings at Positive
★★★ ☆ ☆ "Loveless Zoritsa" Vocal gothic comedy. Very enjoyable! Positive
Rebelle (War Witch): 4/5 for the performance of the protagonist and the sensitive subject that deals with as much realism as possible! Positive
Which Halkidiki, like the Festival does not have .. !! Positive
- Difficult, hard, but unfortunately, real. A film, a fist in the stomach, from frozen Russia ... Positive
- Spirited interpretations by the two main protagonists, if you can endure them, you may & be redeemed ... Positive
- that best I saw in the 53rd TIF, this FA. It is shown & tomorrow, 15:45, in the room, Frida Liappa. Do not miss it... Positive
Loveless Zoritsa 4 * / 5, the unyielding cursed who was looking for love and died in laughter Positive
the three of us will only tell me about the Epic Positive
And somehow like this, leaving Olympion, a wonderful festival day is being completed, with four interesting projections ... Positive
The festival of our city Positive
Surreal with politics everyone interested in chime 3.5 / 5 Positive
"The festival of our city Positive
Stunning visuals, directories that are not as masterful as they are now ... and Monica 'the rhino era' 4/5 Positive
Sleep now kids, start new full of Festivals week & we have a lot to see & do! It's tomorrow most more important Positive
The festival of our city Positive
- Spirited interpretations, by the two main protagonists, if you endure to follow them, maybe ... Positive
★★★★ ☆ "A Piracy" Director is lugging pirates with the lyre for the crew. Is it business? Occupational documenta ... Positive
A Piracy (2012) The most complete film of the first three days. Full tension, beautiful interpretations and conflict of two worlds. Positive
A Piracy (2012) The most complete film of the first three days. Full intensity, nice interpretations and conflict of two ... Positive
Beauties Positive
Good morning! Festival day IV. Keep watching! And party in .ES tonight. However, I say at midnight to see Zappa's 'The Last Porn Movie'! Positive
Sunday, evening and the queue, comes out of Olympion. Classical values ... Positive
★★★★ ☆ museum hours An excellent movie for people who like to observe people Positive
★★★ ☆☆ our little differences Very interesting film, masterfully build an intensity with predictable sure conclusion Positive
★★ ☆☆☆ holy temple Shahlamaritsa, a joy rolling its 78th minute Positive
3 days of "festivals" in the north are enough to understand how much ciné fil hide tendencies and make an appointment for ne ... Positive
Yesterday it was a restful day with the Holy Trinity and Zorica leaving a smile of pleasure as we walked out of the room. Positive
Loveless Zoritsa (2012) Very pleasant black comedy Positive
Pleasant headaches: Do not let go of the day's schedule Positive
Locked literally at home, at 12 I have to go Give knots the sheets and count the height from the balcony. Positive
Is this the big hit of the 53rd Thessaloniki Festival? Positive
November 5th and I go in with short and the sun to go! Do not be laughable, it is not anecdotal! Positive
Good morning, we're starting! :) Positive
I wanted Mungiu's experience again Positive
The moment you should be Thessaloniki. Positive
The fact that each movie is represented by a three-digit code may seem detail, but it is very useful ... Positive
The moment you should be Thessaloniki. Positive
It is not lost .. Le Havre - Aki Kaurismaki (2011) [Review] via Positive
- Le Havre & - Two movies in today's program that if you have not seen them, they just do not get lost ... Positive
Pleasant headaches: Do not let go of the day's schedule Positive
Btw 4 months, 3 weeks & 2 days of Mungi is one of the best millennium films for those who have not seen it Positive
The fact that each movie is represented by a three-digit code can appear in detail, but it is especially useful ... Positive
Many congratulations to the winners of his current draw Positive
Many congratulations to the winners of today's ... Positive
Many congratulations to the winners of today's ... Positive
This year the film festival is sponsored by Malamatina, a reason to love it even more! ... Positive
This year the film festival is sponsored by Malamatina, a reason to love it even more! ... Positive
Finally, the problem with the application was solved with unistall - install. Thanks for the interest Positive
Watch the Pick! He approached such a serious issue with nice little humor !! 4,5 / 5 Positive
Up-to-date as ever, Aky Kaurishmaki gives a voice to the poor and weak of this ... Positive
This is this year's Greek cult film that creates debates on Positive
I ask you to return the copyright message before the movies start in the cult Positive
Hands with '' Noir Filler '' and '' The Journal of Editors ''. Movies and reality together. Urban delight Positive
I ask you to return the copyright message before the movies start in the cult Positive
I ask you to return the copyright message before the movies start in the cult Positive
2 movies I chose too, and they are the two best movies in it says. So much choice in choices did not happen at festivals. Positive
2 movies I chose too, and they are the two best movies in it says. So much of a choice in choices was not re ... Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Big Hit" WRONG TO YOU! Positive
★★★★★ "Big Hit" That's most fun so far at the festival this year. Positive
5/5 for the bitch hit because I spent great Positive
claustrophobic thriller with the notion of good, bad & righteous to balancing, very good interpretations 4/5 Positive
I ask you to return the copyright message before the movies start in the cult Positive
"The Man Without a Past": Aki Kaurismaki-just great! A sensitive subject approached with nice humor! Positive
Unbelievable! Big Hit (2012) Positive
★★★★ ½ "Le Havre" Amazing characters, sweet optimistic melancholy and good wines :) Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Le Havre" Human, optimistic, entertaining. I wish it was the reality! Positive
Death to Rinoceros! Positive
Yesterday I saw the rhinos season today I understand why it has a tribute to Ghobadi.Mudai all the room.Turtles can fly | 4.5 / 5 * Positive
Yesterday I saw the rhinos season today I understand why it has a tribute to Ghobadi.Mudai all the room.Turtles can fly | 4.5 / ... Positive
claustrophobic thriller in the sense of good, bad & righteousness to balancing, very good interpretations 4 ... Positive
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Positive
Crazy fun Big Big. Neo-Hellenic black-and-white "Big Heat" with extra doubles and a balance between homage and parody Positive
Room 514 (2012) The impressions of the public were very good. I was not excited. It was based on his script. Positive
"4 months, 3 weeks & 2 days": tape for strong stomach but EXTREME! If you can withstand the issue see it! Cinema Run! 5/5 Positive
Hard, realistic, agile, real, masterpiece of the 7th art !! 5/5 Positive
★★★ ☆☆ "The Last Time to See Macau" Documentary with a Nouveau Fragrance. Without actors and grooms. Only nice pictures from Macau Positive
Perfect photography, unique shots, good script & performances, with a wonderful Monica Bellucci ... Positive
A great movie, about an unfulfilled love, but above all, a hymn to freedom of expression and speech ... Positive
Perfect photography, unique shots, good script & performances, with a wonderful Monica Bellucci ... Positive
A great movie, for an unfulfilled love, but above all, a hymn to freedom of speech and speech ... Positive
"4 months, 3 weeks & 2 days": tape for strong stomach but EXTREME! If you can withstand the issue see it! Cinema Tracks Positive
Well, then we came to Warehouse D to see the postpacking of Zappa 's Last Porn Movie! Let me see how I wake up. Halali Positive
It is displayed for the 3rd and last time on Sunday 11/11. Make a gift to yourself & see the ... Positive
★★★★★ "The season of rhinoceros" Atmospheric, terrible photography, strong characters, must see for cinema Positive
Wonderful closing, a still beautiful Festive Day, with only "3" views, and mobile phone battery at 7% ... Positive
Fill the Void 3.5 * / 5 no void is left unfinished, only silence - a beautiful drama calling to see beyond the typical Positive
Rhino Season 3.5 * / 5 a collection of stunning, human portraits along with razor-cutting lyrics Positive
Perfect photography, unique shots, good script & performances, with a wonderful Monica Bellucci ... Positive
A great movie, for an unfulfilled love, but above all, a hymn to freedom of speech and speech ... Positive
Watch out another "Persian cats" and "the turtles that fly" at the Rhino Season; He had a horse, but it seemed to me to be sober. Positive
★★★★ ½ "Rhino Season" Shocking! Masterpiece and technique. Positive
★★★★ ½ "Rhino Season" Shocking! Masterpiece and technique. Positive
Rhino Season 3.5 * / 5 a collection of stunning, human portraits along with razor-cutting lyrics Positive
★★★★★ "Big Hit" That's most fun so far at the festival this year. Positive
I ask you to return the copyright message before the movies start in the cult Positive
It is displayed for the 3rd and last time on Sunday 11/11. Make a gift to yourself & see the ... Positive
O Parviz again I liked it. I was one of the four who applauded at the end Positive
here I am talking about Parviz. I liked (somewhat) but did not applaud to them because of themes Positive
Is this movie the great favorite of the international contest in (Olympion - Tuesday 6/11, 18.00) Positive
53rd Thessaloniki Festival: A Need for the City of the City - Positive
53rd Thessaloniki Festival: A Need for the City of the City - Positive
+1! Why not like the Thessaloniki festival! Positive
For your own good, throw yourself today at 5:30 pm at Cassavetes for Fill the Void. Review by Positive
Smart, well-designed and original scenario has beautifully inaugurated today's Festive Day ... Positive
It is displayed twice at the 53rd TIF, for the Competition Section, on 07 & 08/11. I suggest, loose ... Positive
Smart, well-designed and original scenario has beautifully inaugurated today's Festivals ... Positive
Original DimitrisDX: Reviews Feed: Clip (aka Klip) (3 * / 5): Festival without film-scandal is not f ... Positive
Reviews Feed: Clip (aka Klip) (3.5 * / 5): Film without a film-scandal is not a festival. The "Snapshot ... Positive
now happens: unexpected passion. The soundtrack has flattened me Positive
He was honored with a future prize at Esparza at the Venice Festival. Positive
It is the official choice of the ever-powerful Israeli female Oscar female interpreter in Venice Positive
This is the official choice of Afghanistan for the Oscar. Inside this, there is an excellent book Positive
Every frame, a symbolism, every shot, and a new, special world. Magic ... Positive
With a paragraph, everything is all about it. Very nice setting up the exhibition about the history of Greek cinema in the film Positive
Not something new but always good Positive
I do not know about you but me from the boy from Chameleon's Color, it made me very wild moods. Positive
Btw, only I was crying like a baby with his finale "Your love is not worth anything"? Positive
★★★★★ "Room 514" Shutter, powerful with excellent performance by the protagonist. Of the best so far. Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Betrayal" Tradition always has its price. Beautiful plot, unexpected end cleverly given. Positive
Oh, it's fine in Salonika Positive
Oh, it's fine in Salonika Positive
Ready with good support for Tabor !!! Positive
★★★ ☆☆ "Betrayal" Surrealist square in a movie that logic and sentiment are fighting with stereotypes. Positive
Fill the void: Difficult but interesting film about human relations in Israel. 3/5 Positive
★★★★ ☆ "One month in Thailand" Simple, smart and very human. The Romanians have become a tradition Positive
★★★★ ☆ "One month in Thailand" Simple, smart and very human. Romanians have made tradition ... Positive
★★★★★ "Room 514" Shutter, powerful with excellent performance by the protagonist. Of the best so far. Positive
Enhanced cinematic & historical 'Theatre' retrospective, especially now. Oh, my mother Greece ... Positive
Immature cinematic & historical retrospection of the 'Theater', especially now. Oh, my mother Greece ... Positive
Immature cinematic & historical retrospection of the 'Theater', especially now. Oh, my mother Greece ... ... Positive
I remember liked this chair in Electra Palace lobby.  Positive
Negroesque, simple, simple, supports his film in the best way Positive
Immature cinematic & historical retrospection of the 'Theater', especially now. Oh, my mother Greece ... ... Positive
Reviews Feed: Rhino Season (4 * / 5): Inspired by the true story of the Iranian-Kurdish poet Sadeg ... Positive
- Bahman Gobanti: "Angelopoulos taught me a cinema" Positive
The 4th screening of the day will be (2012) by Atiq Rahimi with the wonderful, Golshifteh Farahani ... Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ "Big Hit" Good Greek movie! Film noir extremely filmed! Positive
I'm coming to you! After I first drink my wine! Positive
Immature cinematic & historical retrospection of the 'Theater', especially now. Oh, my mother Greece ... ... Positive
The diffused magic of the book with the comic book element perfectly harmonized 4.5 / 5 Probably the best prize Positive
Interpretation recital, by a stunning Golshifteh Farahani, who takes on her a great movie ... Positive
★★★ ☆☆ "Drunk Horses" Dramatic and human in inhumane childlike living conditions. He did not excite me. Positive
However, so far we have seen many good movies, let's say that. Positive
However, so far we have seen many good movies, let's say that. Positive
However, so far we have seen many good movies, let's say that. Positive
Another beautiful Festivals Day is coming to an end. 5 movies, enough information, a little fatigue, a lot of cinema! That is ... Positive
Dead Europe (2012) At last a good film at this year's festival. He did not like many. He gave me a lot of positive impressions! Positive
Dead Europe (2012) At last a good film at this year's festival. He did not like many. She left me a lot ... Positive
Dead Europe (2012) At last a good film at this year's festival. He did not like many. She left me a lot ... Positive
Dead Europe 3 * / 5 did not spoil the blank script, had Thanos Samaras (♥) and very good director. And Thanos Samaras (♥). Positive
Okay, relax Mungiu what a night out tonight for Occident. Of the finest, smartest and well-structured vertebrates I have seen Positive
Dead Europe 3 * / 5 did not spoil the blank script, had Thanos Samaras (♥) and very good director. And Thanos Samaras (♥). ... Positive
I sneak the hypocrisy & the dumb, you know it was not a dead film Dead Europe just you are compliments. You admit it !! Positive
By the way, she announced that After Lucia is shifting to FEBRUARY, so Thursday's show must be Positive
By the way, she announced that After Lucia is shifting to FEBRUARY so the show on Thursday becomes ... Positive
The point is that we laughed ... from then on all but ... Positive
Good morning. Do not miss today at Ulrich Zedil's Paradise Love - 23:15 Olympion. Positive
The first show for The Capsule tonight and Tsangari impresses. Positive
Every film of Seidl is worth it, however, if only for the hordes of shocked viewers who leave horrible in the middle of the film. Positive
Tsangaris' Capsule is the most visually paranoid, sparse, submissive film that is symbolized by a 5 * Positive
A crazy ladder rises from Attenberg and leaves behind the Lanthim somewhere lost in the manger the weather was Positive
Capsule of Tsangaris is the most visually paranoid, spartakiously submissive of his film with symbolism and art. Positive
Painkiller asks for electric cigarette, no one, normal light: "it does not look like an idiot because I'm useless in Hollywood" Positive
The difficult subject deals with beautiful and special films from Mexico ... Positive
The difficult subject deals with beautiful and special films from Mexico ... Positive
It begins at the press conference of Kristian Moutziou, the most important Balkan director today Positive
Cine Thessaloniki: The cinematic history of the city in a book presentation! It is not lost! Check! Positive
Made of ash (2012) Very good movie with documentary influences. Realistic depiction of reality. Positive
Cine Thessaloniki: The cinematic history of the city in a book presentation! It is not lost! Check! Positive
Made of ash (2012) Very good movie with documentary influences. Realistic depiction of reality. Positive
Every film of Seidl is worthwhile, however, even for the hordes of shocked spectators who leave fearful in the middle of her life ... Positive
5 Thank you for having the dedication and the mascot and we learned him and we were ignorant! :) Positive
Good morning. Do not miss today at Ulrich Zedil's Paradise Love - 23:15 Olympion. Positive
However, so far we have seen many good movies, let's say that. Positive
Some directors do not have to try too much ... Positive
The Half Klip is WHAT SHOW !! , the other half WHAT IS FOR ?; and all along that shocking finding that it is realistic Positive
Some directors do not have to try too much ... Positive
Cine Thessaloniki: The cinematic history of the city in a book presentation! It is not lost! Check! Positive
Cine Thessaloniki: The cinematic history of the city in a book presentation! It is not lost! Check! Positive
He put it all in all: 'bukkake sentiment' indeed 4 * Positive
Some directors do not have to try too much ... Positive
Original DimitrisDX: Reviews Feed: Big Heat (4 * / 5): If you considered the idea of the Big Heat t ... Positive
53rd Thessaloniki Festival: A Need for the City of the World ... Positive
I want to find the Very Lykourgos to embrace her Positive
I want to find Polly Lykourgos to embrace her Positive
53rd Thessaloniki Festival: A Need for the City of the World ... Positive
What the Big Hit kid says (4 * / 5) Positive
Yellow City sold out today's view Positive
TO VIMA - 53rd Thessaloniki Festival: A Need for the City of the World - Culture: Positive
and good visibility (dry and dry bread) Positive
If we are talking about really good Greek cinema, let's talk about it! Positive
"Good morning. I am Dr Kaurismäki. Just tell me how you feel." Best introduction to a press conference ever? Positive
English production with George Choraffa and others in his current proposals Positive
Unbelievable fatigue, but extremely enjoyable at the same time. Phenomenon that you only see in Positive
★★★★ ½ "The Light of the Day" Wonderful Walter Saabel, a deeply human film without screams. Sleek and impressive Positive
With a background, a dramatic love story, it's an aesthetically pleasing film that you just hope you do not finish ... Positive
Q & A, in the Frida Liappa Room, with the Director of Fabulous Film, Positive
Everyone at Q & A is surprised by the masterpiece of Miguel Anchel Jimenez, being just his second film! Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ "The color of the chameleon" A Bulgarian James Bond the surreal side of :) Positive
Today we will be at the premiere (19.30, T.Marketaki Hall, Warehouse D) with George Sold-out already. ... Positive
English production with George Choraffa and others in his current proposals Positive
Today we will be at the premiere (19.30, T.Marketaki Hall, Warehouse D) with George Sold-out already. ... Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Zapping" God! TV Police: "You're about to work for us" Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Mariana" Frescadour turned 15 years ago Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Paulist's Hand" Delightful especially when everyone seems like a soap opera Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ "Nothing at Fortune" Totally Surreal - Enjoyment Positive
★★★★ ½ "The Choir of Firefighters" Criticism and humor on the occasion of the funeral of the local big farmer Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Joy" Black and White Absolute, focusing on the experience of a supreme emotion that characterizes the essence of joy. Positive
Excellent classics with cold, rain, air, umbrellas, running !! Positive
★★★★ ½ "The Choir of Firefighters" Criticism and humor on the occasion of the funeral of the local bigger ... Positive
Sold out (and) the 'Papadopoulos & Sons' premiere! George and the director predict Positive
Joy 4 * / 5 makes you like Hara Nicholaou and resent the "righteousness" Positive
Sold out (and) the 'Papadopoulos & Sons' premiere! George and the director predict ... Positive
"The Capsule" from a poster, however, cracks Positive
queue in the tail for the capsule! Positive
Today I fell in love. Positive
Today I fell in love. Positive
The sick and abrupt aspect of deep faith. with one word EXCELLENT 4.5 / 5 Positive
The sick and abrupt aspect of deep faith. with one word EXCELLENT 4.5 / 5 Positive
3.5 / 5 * Complicated film but with scriptural weaknesses.Horafas amazing and the "little angel" of the goddess Positive
Absolutely sweet surreal dinner companion OUR "BUY" Positive
★★★★★ "Here and there" Underground tension, poverty, bowed heads. Mexican masterpiece with slow but terrible rhythm and photography Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ "The Capsule" For dream and photography Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ "Papadopoulos & Sons" A delightful movie, with lots of laughter and an unreasonably long-lasting dance-ending scene! Positive
★★ ½ ☆☆ "The Capsule" Art feast. If & in the applause in the end I felt like "in the naked king's clothes"! Positive
Mungiu now to my favorite directors! Excellent 'behind the hills'. Actual experience 4.5 / 5 Positive
Muse (2012) A nice short movie with theme and view. You smile and that matters. Positive
★★★★★ "Here and there" Underground tension, poverty, bowed heads. Mexican masterpiece with slow but terrible rhythm ... Positive
Amazing movie Beyond the hills of Mungiu ... must see! Positive
But we also saw the "Beyond the Hills": Very nice movie, flawless filmmaking, awesome performances, but a little big kids! 4/5 Positive
With a background, a dramatic love story, it's a sensitively even film that you just hope you do not end ... ... Positive
★★★★★ "Here and there" Underground tension, poverty, bowed heads. Mexican masterpiece with slow but terrible rhythm ... Positive
But we also saw the "Behind the Hills" today! Very nice movie, impeccable directing, terrific interpretations, but a little big! 4/5 Positive
Every film of Seidl is worthwhile, however, even for the hordes of shocked spectators who leave fearful in the middle of her life ... Positive
The Capsule 4.5 * / 5 even if it was not a movie but video art, it was a gorgeous artwork (with bad animation) Positive
Mungiu now to my favorite directors! Excellent 'behind the hills'. Actual experience 4.5 / 5 Positive
Air, rain, marching, movie, book presenting, discussions with good friends. Interesting day in Thessaloniki Positive
Mungiu now to my favorite directors! Excellent 'behind the hills'. Actual experience 4.5 / 5 Positive
Air, rain, marching, movie, book presenting, discussions with good friends. Interesting day in Thessaloniki Positive
Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
Guided tour of Manolis' "hidden heroes", thank you! Positive
It is displayed for the 3rd and last time on Sunday 11/11. Make a gift to yourself & see the ... Positive
in the tragedies of desperately single Austrians in a strange way in the Kenya. Positive
amidst the tragedies of desperately single Austrians in a stunning quintessence. 5/5 Positive
Cute Cinema Cinema 3.5 / 5 Positive
Muse (2012) A nice short movie with theme and view. You smile and that matters. Positive
Mungiu now to my favorite directors! Excellent 'behind the hills'. Actual experience 4.5 / 5 Positive
But we also saw the "Behind the Hills" today! Very nice movie, impeccable direction, terrific interpretations but a little big ... Positive
Okay, relax Mungiu what a night out tonight for Occident. Among the most beautiful, intelligent and well-structured vertebrates that ... Positive
other news. Mark Marcus, keep his name. the guy knows to film movies. Papadopoulos & Sons, the most optimistic side of the crisis Positive
Let's say a goodbye to Warehouse C's bar that always has nice choices Positive
Original DimitrisDX: Reviews: Beyond The Hills (4 * / 5): It's no accident that Cristian Mungiu thinks ... Positive
Oh, and a bravo to the one he put in the mix playing before his films this masterpiece Positive
Reviews: Beyond The Hills (4 * / 5): It's no coincidence that Cristian Mungiu is considered one of the most important ... Positive
other news. Mark Marcus, keep his name. the guy knows to film movies. Papadopoulos & Sons. The most optimistic side ... Positive
A beautiful, special film, inspired by the legends and beliefs of a "magical" country ... Positive
With emotion and memories begins the Talk: Speaking of Theodor Angelopoulos (John Cassavetes Hall) Positive
The day will begin with the Browning and 'lights in the syrup'! Is it a better principle? Positive
Nice idea of parallel viewing, related photos, during the discussion about Theodor Angelopoulos .. Positive
Personally, especially moving pictures from the shooting of Angelopoulos, beautiful Florina ... Positive
.. The Electoral Poet of Cinema [Theodoros Angelopoulos 1935-2012] Positive
But how do you not love the Festival with such shocking people she knows? Let's do it 365 days plz! Positive
But how do you not love the Festival with such shocking people she knows? Let's make it ... Positive
But how do you not love the Festival with such shocking people she knows? Let's make it ... Positive
A beautiful, special film, inspired by the legends and beliefs of a "magical" country ... Positive
17 views, great hospitality & meetings, with old & new friends, included my staff, 53th TFG. Good luck... Positive
17 views, great hospitality & meetings, with old & new friends, included my staff, 53th TFG. ... Positive
But how do you not love the Festival with such shocking people she knows? Let's make it ... Positive
But how do you not love the Festival with such shocking people she knows? Let's make it ... Positive
17 views, great hospitality & meetings, with old & new friends, included my staff, 53th TFG. ... Positive
I come to you: D Positive
53rd Thessaloniki Festival: No more tears, just a feast for Theodor Angelopoulos! Positive
"Lights at dusk": Another very nice film by Kaurismaki that talks about loneliness and the last of his trilogy! Positive
"Lights at dusk": Another very nice film by Kaurismaki that talks about loneliness and the last of his trilogy! ... Positive
But how do you not love the Festival with such shocking people she knows? Let's make it ... Positive
.. The Electoral Poet of Cinema [Theodoros Angelopoulos 1935-2012] Positive
In a 3 * / 5 bedroom in Poland the firebox gets fire, supermarkets serve snacks and graffiti make a nice background Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Children of Sarajevo" With the camera stuck on her young Bosnia tries to overcome them. Very good Positive
the boy is eating the bird's food: all the dryness of the season, without melodramatics and ease. great the protagonist. Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Children of Sarajevo" With the camera stuck on her young Bosnia tries to overcome them. Anyway ... Positive
In a 3 * / 5 bedroom in Poland the firebox has been fired, the supermarkets are serving snacks and the graffiti are nice ... Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Children of Sarajevo" With the camera stuck on her young Bosnia tries to overcome them. Anyway ... Positive
Hopefully, the shocker is in the 2 best that I mentioned in 4.5 / 5 for a haunting experience Positive
Hopefully, the shocker is in the 2 best that I mentioned in 4.5 / 5 for a haunting experience Positive
★★★★★ "After Luschia" loosely the best movie I have seen so far in the Festival Positive
Items today and good Powers = Strength = War (all kinds) 3/5 Positive
Like someone in love 4.5 * / 5 I did not understand when the time passed, let me want another Positive
★★★★★ "The Chameleon's Color" A smart, political, satirical, enjoyable, ugly scary film from Bulgaria - not lost Positive
at the film festival with fine movies, travel music and freshly baked pizzas! 😉 Positive
Evening Festival! Positive
What a god that Hristov! Without munitions he responds with humor and shows that he was distracting Positive
★★★★ ☆ "4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days" Hard reality and anguish until the final fall Positive
★★★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ With enough political correctness Positive
the facts of the movie: The baby was asleep when she heard the boy. Amalia Moutsoussi I am a little insinuated to you Positive
Today I have no complaint about It was all wonderful in its own way each. Capsules, Higuita, after Lucia, Hara Positive
★★★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ With enough politics ... Positive
Today I have no complaint about It was all wonderful in its own way each. Capsules, Higuita, after Luci ... Positive
in general, truckloads are so rich in Pakistan, what good Positive
★★★★★ "After Luschia" loosely the best movie I have seen so far in the Festival Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Children of Sarajevo" With the camera stuck on her young Bosnia tries to overcome them. Anyway ... Positive
With the Light of the Day (2010) Very good movie with great music and photography but slow and incomplete scenario. Positive
With the Light of the Day (2010) Very good movie with great music and photography but slow and incomplete scenario. Positive
at the movie festival with fine movies, travel music and freshly baked pizzas! 😉 ... Positive
ours are watching and envious! in general, truckloads in Pakistan are so risky Positive
and throughout his flawless team that make it all the better Positive
& in all of his flawless team that make ... Positive
Reviews Feed: Like Someone in Love (3.5 * / 5): It's simple and simple to manufacture, Like Someone In L ... Positive
Good and good films will be seen by the volunteers in the past Positive
Hipsters live and reign! Positive
Hahaha ... Festival inside joke! The lantern for pedestrians outside his warehouses turns green only for Chuck Norris Positive
"The Boy Eats the Bird's Food": The best Greek film of the Festival ... via Positive
I have not played it again in All but all the Saturday shows are sold out. Tomorrow in queues for cancellations will fall body Positive
I've dropped something in the sun. ready for more. Positive
I was interested in the "Joy" of Yannakakis, Amazing Am. Moustou, aesthetic a / m photo, but & some bellies Positive
I am interested in Yannakakis' "Joy": amazing Am. Moustou, aesthetic a / m photo, but & some bellies Positive
I have not played it again in All but all the Saturday shows are sold out. Tomorrow the queues for cancellations will ... Positive
I am interested in Yannakakis' "Joy": amazing Am. Moustou, aesthetic a / m photo, but & some bellies ... Positive
All sold out, we will go to -20%, & we will see the UNIQUE movie we have an XA ticket !! Positive
I have not played it again in All but all the Saturday shows are sold out. Tomorrow the queues for cancellations will ... Positive
We all sold out the sk we will go to -20%, & we will see the UNIQUE movie ... Positive
The seventh day of the 53rd Thessaloniki Festival hid (pleasant) surprises. Positive
Amalia Moutousis as "Joy" steals babies and hearts Positive
no for NO - unique viewing for one of the best movies in Cannes2012, outrageous tickets :( Positive
no for NO - unique viewing for one of the best movies in Cannes2012, outrageous tickets :( ... Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Thursday to Sunday" A couple with two children cross Chile and see the distance between them grow. You stay. Positive
Wonderful what we live in. The sting does q & a for the movie Positive
I'm not a hipster (2012) The best movie I saw at the festival this year. Full of emotion and beautiful history. Positive
How Much Can It Be? a masterful psycho-comic strip !! 5/5 :-) (I want to see her again) Positive
the best film of the festival so far sweet crazy tender ... 5/5 Positive
With so many positive tweets for Mugui the expectations are high "Behind the Hills" Positive
5 stars for NO, 105 star in Gael Positive
I'm not a hipster (2012) The best movie I saw at the festival this year. Full of emotion and beautiful history. Positive
★★★★★ "NO" Referendum and Advertiser. Who wins? The people, the company, the system? A thrilling political thriller that sends you Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Journey to Kythira" Why so much lag? But what to say ... angelopoulos, Greece! Positive
From Todd Solondz and his subordinate horror feel of 3.5 / 5 in the masterfully made 4.5 / 5 Positive
And the lyric given curriculum 3.5 / 5 Positive
Magical concerts of the kardin with the como in the megaro. Started with the music of the silence and the protest of the cos for everything we live Positive
give me czech boobra and you will get my five stars - Kreis and Thief Positive
Violeta went to heaven | Trip to time to narrate the life of Chilean Violet Para Musical, Folklore, Political 4 * / 5 Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ "Snapshot" CLIP missed the CLICK. However, you are beautiful and troubled - you are in the right dosage Positive
Still, let's just say goodbye, and we see a little naked. Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ "The face of the fog" You want to be whole and stigmatized. Slow tragedy against the backdrop of war. Terrible photo Positive
Extreme Directed by Seidl to the Slave and the Lamb 4/5 Positive
give me czech boobra and you will get my five stars - Kreis and Thief Positive
I may not be a volunteer this year, but the joy of casting a movie is indescribable: D Positive
I may not be a volunteer this year, but the joy of casting a movie is indescribable: D Positive
NO the best movie I've seen so far in the interesting theme-original look-nice rhythm-doll gull, what else? 4/5 * Positive
Excellent the concert of Eleni Karaindrou with KOTH in music from Angelopoulos' films! Positive
Who would say that his most festive party would be the Market Positive
you saw what dollhouse I was photographing tonight at Positive
I wanted to see Seidl's two Paradises, but I preferred his two best parties but what did he do? Positive
One day before his curtain falls, see the wonderful portraits of Aris Rammos Positive
Extreme Directed by Seidl to the Slave and the Lamb 4/5 Positive
Saloniki I love you. Positive
Lucky, those who will be in the wonderful of Atik Rahimi, with a great interpretation by Golshifteh Farahani Positive
The organizers of the 53st TFG liked Golshifteh Farahani so much so they called it the movie :) Positive
Very good and black and white by Eduardo Nunes, from Brazil, today in the Frida Liappa Room Positive
After a beautiful night I will meet a friend who has 8 years to see! and I will not find a ticket I will not tear anyway?) Positive
religious christmas fights with her former Muslim man and a man of unbelievable.Ziddle ΘΕΕ 5/5 Positive
Paradise of Faith (2012) Different, special film about religion. Strong images and ... a looting of faith. Positive
Extreme Directed by Seidl to the Slave and the Lamb 4/5 Positive
Rt Divine Chicken Fights with His Former Muslim Man & A Mist of Absurdity.Zeedle 5/5 Positive
Paradise of Faith (2012) Different, special film about religion. Strong images and ... a looting of faith. Positive
Paradise of Faith (2012) Different, special film about religion. Strong images and ... a looting of faith. Positive
Today at 21:00 the curtain falls. Olympion with a very nice program. We are waiting for you. Positive
The greatest success of this year's festival in Thessaloniki was the total absence of institutional and political figures! Thank god. Positive
"Long fly the clouds": the first one but with me I completed the trilogy of Kaurismaki! A good start for what follows! Positive
"Flashes in Beijing": Very sweet movie! Makes you wonder what you would do if you betrayed those you love? 3 * / 5 Positive
The first glimpse of the Thessaloniki Film Archive with the screening "The Folk Painting Artist" was especially good! Positive
Congratulations on the creation of the Film Archive! A very interesting proposal that will surely meet! Positive
The first glimpse of the Thessaloniki Film Archive with the screening "The Folk Painting Artist" was especially good! ... Positive
Congratulations on the creation of the Film Archive! A very interesting proposal that will surely meet! ... Positive
"Flashes in Beijing": Very sweet movie! Makes you wonder what you would do if you betrayed those you love? 3 * / ... Positive
★★★★ ½ "The Man Without A Past" A re Aki. Super The Movie Again! Positive
We started with Hero in Piano-voice. Bolero and how it fits it! Positive
Excellent Iro interpreting 'This Night Stays' by playing piano at his closing ceremony I'm starting to feel angry .. we're done Positive
★★★★ ½ "The Man Without A Past" A re Aki. Super The Movie Again! Positive
the best Greek film Papadopoulos & sons were better than theoretically, butTHEI was really the most optimistic & relaxed. Positive
Prized common eyes in the Balkans Back to the hill (yes yes) Positive
Award-winning contest section: a pirate (a, nice) Positive
Mr. Aippides was the first to discover and promote Iranian cinema at the Festival. Positive
Award for Male Interpretation to: Yannis Papadopoulos - TO THE PLAY GAME TO ... by Hector Ligizou, Positive
Best male performance award to us, to the bird (if you do not play your house) Positive
One will tell you, from Greek the Boy who eats the bird's food has squeezed. Positive
Award winning bronze Alexandros Selection (which he scanned) Positive
The epilogue has swept the awards! The 4th is a "bronze Alexander!" Positive
Golden gold award in the memory of Th. Angelopoulos A Pirate !! (good job) Positive
Best male performance award to us, to the bird (if you do not play your house) Positive
"A Piracy" golden Alexander. Of the most popular and top rated movies in Positive
I was very happy for the audience award in 'Papadopoulos & Sons' tonight. Hope, optimism & a Greek as we love Positive
One will tell you, from Greek the Boy who eats the bird's food has squeezed. Positive
I was very happy for the audience award in 'Papadopoulos & Sons' tonight. Hope, optimism & a Greek ... Positive
I was very happy for the audience award in 'Papadopoulos & Sons' tonight. Hope, optimism & a Greek ... Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Dead Europe" Talked to me! Gut was good. An eschatological tale. The novel louder, but so does not usually go? Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ "In Another Country" Very pleasant and light Positive
Clandestine Childhood | a child crying behind the inexperienced identity of exile politics.Muman, Political 4 * / 5 Positive
"A Piracy" golden Alexander. Of the most popular and top rated movies in ... Positive
today I had a successful day ... "I'm not a hipster" beautiful and touching with nice rock music rock music 4/5 * Positive
comic tragic stories of surrealism at the absurd communist block 4/5 Positive
Clandestine Childhood | child crying back from the fake identity of exile politics.Human, Political 4 * ... Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ "The girl with the turkey" Square or circle? Sweet shorts from the excellent Mungiu Positive
★★★★ ☆ "Chronicles of the Golden Age" Delightful Mungiu saves Romania's 80s. The first of 5 songs incredibly funny Positive
Interesting story but long lasting ... boBeyond the Hills (2012), Positive
She reminds you of how simple things ultimately find happiness. Man without a Past (2002), Positive
Amazing ... terrible ... i just say ... (failed Greek title, the only evil) Positive
Amazing ... terrible ... i just say ... (failed Greek title, the only evil) Positive
53th Thessaloniki International Film Festival Last day & the film that stands out in the program is none other than the Positive
and the 5 top-rated of the Thessfest app! (with few votes but good) Positive
"Confirming his reputation as one of the most challenging movies of the year" via Positive
"Confirming his reputation as one of the most challenging movies of the year" v ... Positive
Clandestine Childhood | child crying back from the fake identity of exile politics.Human, Political 4 * ... Positive
Clandestine Childhood | child crying back from the fake identity of exile politics.Human, Political 4 * ... Positive
The 'sunset' badge has about 40 people inside. Good for her Positive
The 'sunset' badge has about 40 people inside. Good for her Positive
Personally I found the reservation system impeccable. With a little bit of organization, I found tickets for all the movies I wanted on queue <2 ' Positive
Personally I found the reservation system impeccable. With a little bit of organization I found tickets for all the movies I wanted on a p ... Positive
bravo re se! One who found it good! Yesterday they said they were stupid and they cried out that I liked! Positive
Café, food and then see for the last day my buddy the dancer the doll. Positive
the 10 days of the wonderful day You now tell me how I turn to the hard reality of my degree. e? Positive
I'm glad! Enjoy today I will go to '' Betrayal '' It will be my first time at the festival. I'm touched Positive
The last day at and all my fury I will miss ... Ande and the time !!!! Positive
the 10 days of the wonderful day You now tell me how I turn to the hard reality of my degree. e? Positive
The 'sunset' badge has about 40 people inside. Good for her Positive
★★★★ ½ "Shadows in the Paradise" From Browning to Browning and from strip to strip. So he passed the 53rd Positive
Ticketing for his last day's screenings at Aristotle Square, now. Thank you! Positive
Ticketing for his last day's screenings at Aristotle Square, now. Thank you ... Positive
Ticketing for his last day's screenings at Aristotle Square, now. Thank you ... Positive
"Crime and Punishment" by Karouki! Nice and interesting movie! 3.5 * / 5 Positive
Very beautiful movie "Summer in Berlin" in Dresen! Smart, pleasant, humorous! Positive
The Girl with the Turkey (2005) Very beautiful film with a sweet feeling with the turkey. Positive
Very beautiful movie "Summer in Berlin" in Dresen! Smart, pleasant, humorous! Positive
by Bahman Gobaddy, from the best films of the 53rd TIFF, today at 22:00, Tonia Marketaki Hall Positive
"Epilogue": the film that left the 53rd Thessaloniki Festival with four awards! Positive
One for all volunteers at the festival Positive
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Positive
One for all volunteers at the festival Positive
"Epilogue": the film that left the 53rd Thessaloniki Festival with four awards! Positive
Stories from the Golden Age (2009) Short films in sections with common themes. Nice three-hour. Positive
Stories from the Golden Age (2009) Short films in sections with common themes. Nice three-hour. Positive
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Positive
Sweet touching tranquil road trip internal search in the unspoken mount of Pakistan 4/5 Positive
Shocking film Lore, the drama of survival after BPP for the children of the victims. No one is left unturned by the war Positive
Beyond the Hills, Mungiu's latest (very Bressonian) film earns the Romanian director a master rank (plus the Fischer Audience Award)  Positive
Sweet touching tranquil road trip internal search in the unspoken mount of Pakistan 4/5 Positive
Very beautiful history and cinema in cinema 4/5 Positive
Images of Thank you for the excellent organization and wonderful experience! Positive
Between views: Coffee and cappakes !! What else to ask for? Positive
Finally and this year the Festival for me with curtains the classic value of Kaurishmaki and the wonderful "Lights at dusk" Positive
And I was saying one that I started with Ghobadi's film to close it and with his own film one that had good recommendations! Positive
Images of Thank you for the excellent organization and wonderful experience! Positive
Thanks to it for another year, our eyes filled ourselves with wonderful images, thoughts, reflections. Until next year! Positive
Between views: Coffee and cappakes !! What else to ask for? Positive
Thanks to it for another year, our eyes filled ourselves with wonderful images, thoughts, reflections. Until next year! h ... Positive
Thanks to it for another year, our eyes filled ourselves with wonderful images, thoughts, reflections. Until next year! h ... Positive
ideology, romance, love & politics beautifully presented in a lyric film for the last days 5/5 Positive
another successful day for me what a pity to be and his last ... he can not hold a month that is; Positive
"Summer in Berlin" -Dresen, beautiful, bittersweet, with several cute and funny phases, a delightful 3.5 / 5 * Positive
"The Children of War" (Lore) very well-liked, strong, terrible the young protagonist, touching if a little banal theme 4/5 * Positive
"The Violet went to Heaven" very nice film for Chilean musician-artist Violeta Parra, touched me with satisfied 4.5 / 5 * Positive
I did not know V.Parra before, now I'm sure to look for it, one of the most moving songs of the film Positive
Amazing ... terrible ... i just say ... (failed Greek title, the only evil) Positive
Clandestine Childhood | child crying back from the fake identity of exile politics.Human, Political 4 * ... Positive
Amazing ... terrible ... i just say ... (failed Greek title, the only evil) Positive
★★★★ ☆ "The season of rhinoceros" A wonderful great movie. Positive
And the miracle happened and I entered the rhino era and so the Film Festival closed with a supremacy movie! Positive
Shocking film Lore, the drama of survival after BPP for the children of the victims. No one is left untouched by ... Positive
"The rhino era": a wonderful movie with tremendous direction and photography! 4,5 * / 5 The 2nd best I saw this year Positive
The wall of the volunteers. Thank you, guys, and time Positive
Tonia Sotiropoulou SAGAPO! Positive
The wall of the volunteers. Thanks, guys, and time ... Positive
I'm glad you liked it :-) Positive
"Epilogue" Amir Manor heavy, depressed & optimistic together, romance and human. Eventually he took me ... Positive
All one will say, can not: = a bougainta with a culture. Joy fitting the flavors, Yiannis Rege ftw :) Positive
the most beautiful closing festival with a great movie for sound in cinema filled nostalgia Positive
28 tapes this year for me, 5 masterpieces, 4 very good, others & the rest are good, with next year Positive
it may have been the weather, it may have been friends. but beyond the movies, it had a very nice atmosphere this year Positive
One for all volunteers at the festival Positive
it may have been the weather, it may have been friends. but beyond the movies, it had a very nice atmosphere this year Positive
Thanks to it for another year, our eyes filled ourselves with wonderful images, thoughts, reflections. Until next year! h ... Positive
53rd Thessaloniki Festival: The good of austerity! | News - Positive
53rd Thessaloniki Festival: The good of austerity! | News - Positive
it may have been the weather, it may have been friends. but beyond the movies, it had a very nice atmosphere this year Positive
Throughout his twitter team a great thank you for the thousands of beautiful moments we have lived together in the last 10 days. Positive
Throughout his twitter team a great thank you for the thousands of beautiful moments we lived together with the tel ... Positive
We have done great this year too! it's through Dating Time Pictures at :-) Positive
We have done great this year too! it's through Dating Time Pictures at :-) Positive
Throughout his twitter team a great thank you for the thousands of beautiful moments we lived together with the tel ... Positive
Throughout his twitter team a great thank you for the thousands of beautiful moments we lived together with the tel ... Positive
Throughout his twitter team a great thank you for the thousands of beautiful moments we lived together with the tel ... Positive
Throughout his twitter team a great thank you for the thousands of beautiful moments we lived together with the tel ... Positive
will miss him. TIFF Ticket Box Positive
will miss him. TIFF Ticket Box Positive
And you are not the only one ... I miss you. TIFF Ticket Box Positive
If Giannis Papadopoulos does not win an award today, he is asked to cancel the institution. Positive
fortunately! If Giannis Papadopoulos does not win an award today, he is asked to cancel the institution. Positive
Who would say that his most festive party would be the Market Positive
However, I can also formally declare that it was the best tiff ever. Positive
Nur (2012) Interesting subject, average scenario, good realization with wonderful landscapes. Positive
Sound recording studio Berber (2012) A film of special interest but teaching and atmospheric. Different. Positive
Epilogue (2012) The pleasant surprise of the festival. Lovely story and protagonists. It's worth seeing. Positive
Throughout his twitter team a great thank you for the thousands of beautiful moments we lived together with the tel ... Positive
The wall of the volunteers. Thanks, guys, and time ... Positive
“I don’t want to leave Greece because the politics are intense and the situation is interesting..."  Positive
After a small donation or if we want to express the jealousy (at the limit of ours) for all of you you were Thessaloniki Positive
In Thessaloniki I liked several Greek films, I talked to directors, I recorded a Boy's q & a etc Positive
In Thessaloniki, I liked several Greek films, I talked to directors, I recorded a Boy's q & a, etc. Positive
In Thessaloniki, I liked several Greek films, I talked to directors, I recorded a Boy's q & a, etc. Positive
In Thessaloniki, I liked several Greek films, I talked to directors, I recorded a Boy's q & a, etc. Positive
I came back from you and they find me now GODs that sit down saying next to me in projections and they were wasting me dreamy Positive
only me, and we appreciated it (= we poured relentlessly on the floors) the Klip. Positive
Echoes and soundtracks (nice article but to say that I saw others with original st st, eg Paskaljevic) Positive
Its echoes and sounds (nice article but to say that i saw others with original st nice, eg ... Positive
In 'Io sono Li' from Italy this year's prize Positive
The opening movie (what we were saying!) Why Leo Carax's "Holy Motors" is a masterpiece! Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ "In the light of day" Classical festival! Positive
★★★★ ½ "Big Hit" I rarely like Greek movie so much! It reminded me very much of my cherished sin city! Go !!!! Positive
