Amazing! It has amazing colors and excellent clarity! Very fast at all. If it does not have an SD card, the 32GB memory seems to be quite satisfactory. In terms of charging, it takes around 6 hours. By purchasing a Pogo cable, it charges 25% faster. Overall I am very pleased! Positive
Excellent. You can also use it for a work and fun tool. It has two drawbacks: 1. You can not put a sd card to expand the memory. 2. She wants about 8 hours to charge. Positive
I passed custom operating CM10.3 and just FLAT !!! It runs ALWAYS, Apps Weights 3D games 4K only negative is that metallic shell is unable to wifi but this with some patents and a change of antenna (2 euros from ebay) was corrected. I am very pleased and is considered to be the best tablet in its category among all the Chinese tablets. For this, there is a tremendous backing from the community Developers XDA / Slateroid, Positive
I have 3 months of mine has been a 4-time !!!!!!!! miserable board very late for a quadruple and because it was hit told me that it is out of guarantee !!!!! ????? !!!! we have done it 3 sometimes upgrade anything. Negative
I&#39;ve been around for two months and it&#39;s too good in relation to the rest of the market of this type, the screen is very sharp, but I would like it a little faster, Quality is too close to brand name competition. Positive
I have it about 1 month. The display is very good, the quality is also good, my battery looks normal (depending on the use, it can hold me from a few hours up to 2 days, it depends much on the brightness of the screen). I read another comment on brightness, Greek and upgrades. The brightness personally looks fine to me, the Greek is fine (no cuts), and there are upgrades. Basically, since I made the upgrading of the tablet, the tablet is flying, the speed is much better, it&#39;s all playing smoothly and without stickiness. For me, only a serious drawback is that in demanding applications it gets very hot. Also a disadvantage is that in order to work smoothly it takes at the beginning some adjustments and upgrades that a wholly irrelevant one might not be able to do. It&#39;s not for someone who has no idea, and just wants to get something, push the button and work it all. For someone who can, for example, to make a firmware upgrade, the tablet scans at a much lower price than others with corresponding features. Positive
I have about 3 weeks to say that she deserves the money of a very good construction Positive
Positive: -High battery autonomy. -Table Quadruple Processor (5 fire indeed) and is very fast at all, even when it&#39;s in &quot;Eco mode&quot; is very fast. -Very loud and clear speakers, I think the louder speakers than any other tablet. - Very bright screen (even in the midday sun you see comfortably) and with good resolution. Playing and reading you see movies surf, etc without any thoughts. -Good and fast GPS and good wifi. - Very good and compact and weighted construction, extremely thin and lightweight, does not tire in hand. -It has two cameras and the front camera is very good and clean even in little light very clear even in video calls via skype etc. -It also takes extra memory card. `Negative: -The colors of the screen are not so intense, they are a bit like rinsed but not crap. -The back camera poetically is below average in both photography and video. General: It is worth every euro and whoever gets it will not regret it. You hardly find with these features and quality of construction at this price. Positive
badly does not have the play store Positive
very good tablet, cheap, very good response to toys. the only bad thing is that when loading many applications lagarei Positive
Positive: Fast, decent, cheap, good screen, battery 4-5 hours in toys and surfing. Ideal for children and mid-sized. Many doors for what you want. A USB cable is provided. Negative: No HDMI cable available Positive
Although it was my first tablet contact, I found that I really like it, it&#39;s incredibly easy to use and its colors made me love it. Its operation was easy and its connection to what I tried was immediate, I liked it contained a charger adapter that made it incredibly easy for me to travel. The photos and the videos have been very satisfied with its quality! I recommend it unreservedly! Positive
I bought the product with fear after reviews for problematic wifi as a gift. I was between this and Prestigio that I know is pretty good. So after working on it I have to say that it is worth its money. It has a very good screen, bright with nice colors and high resolution. It also has a good sense of touch and fast response. Another positive thing is Android 4.1 that has the tablet, with all the above goodies in relation to Android 4, for example it is much faster and more efficient. I connected it with TV via mini hdmi and all fine. The wifi eventually did not have a problem with this device (I do not know if it exists in others). It was tested on 2 different networks, one of which was Starbucks with what it means (low speed etc) and it worked flawlessly. Also HD applications such as games are supported and &quot;run&quot; without any problems. The 1,6ghz processor, the very good graphics chip and the one gb ram are doing this. Its camera is of small resolution, enough for video calls and certainly not capable of good quality photos. Also, the sound from the Archos 70 Titanium speakers is very weak (even at maximum intensity) and is certainly not enough when there is noise in the wider area. Overall it is a good device mainly due to Android 4.1 and the good hardware that Archos has. Definitely an attractive proposition for women of the same sex as their color and the very good design gain in impressions. My girl really loved it. So far it is one of the very good choices in this money. Finally, for those who are looking to buy a tablet, I warn that, while I&#39;m not a fan of big companies, do not turn to completely unknown companies without first handling the product. I say this because of a personal, not so good experience! Positive
The product is excellent. For semi-professional use is what it takes: Excellent screen, good response, all Windows applications at your disposal. You can connect to a projector for presentations and communicate with other devices. Win 8.1 is an excellent experience on such a machine. Everyday improvements are made and some initial driver problems are resolved successfully. Of course, windows are these, a restart that you need! Positive
is a very good product but I do not have a play store all of this is very good. Positive
That&#39;s the best in the market. For all tastes and all requirements. A miracle in our hands! Positive
Very good tablet with price low enough for its features! Even if you have multiple (and heavy) applications open, it does not crash at all! Positive
Excellent, although the old model works flawlessly. Only a problem with expensive repairs. A broken screen costs 150 €! Positive
Even after so many years, the device shows its value. I&#39;m not a fan of apple but really this tablet is ripping everything else! Positive
Although it was released in 2011, I bought it in 2013 and at the beginning I had iOS 5 and now i have iOS 7.0.4 and I have no complaints ... when I have many applications open to multitasking it does not stick to it all and let it be the third- is wearing. Negative: screen resolution (good but not the best) and camera (at 1.3 mp back and 0.7 at the front) Positive
the iPad 2 is believed to be one of the best tablets in the world and can say that it is more likely than the ipad 3 is more expensive than 3 out of 2, and they have no particular distinction the two most important beliefs that is the screen that is much better (and the apple screens are the best) and it&#39;s faster in games, on internet and generally quicker but if i had to choose more to buy I would buy ipad 2 Positive
I do not think to have a competitor is fast and beautiful at a more affordable price. If you like the tablet and you have the money you have to have it ... Positive
I had no other experience with ios devices than sometimes when i had seen iphones .. First comparison ios and android does not exist. the appstore is millennia ahead .. and go now to ipad 2. What to say about this artwork? Top as long as it is not. I&#39;ve seen something pseudo-tablets, but here we are talking about technology! Top. 5/5 I recommend it as much as anything else .... if you have the budget for such a purchase with a thousand .......... Positive
Very good screen and quite fast. Also a lot of light and light, the definition of portable device! Positive
It&#39;s what they say ¨ A picture a thousand words ¨ and also what you pay for ¨ !!! ........ The product is very good, its capabilities are infinite and I think it is worth buying it and even now that its price is even better than always advising skroutz.gr. Good continuity in your research and purchases. !!!!! Positive
Apple iPad !!! Simply top tool .. It is still an excellent product for those who do not burn with the retina. Competition at least in the tablets is non-existent. Positive
It&#39;s a very good tablet, sometimes it&#39;s stuck in the safari but all OK! Positive
The ipad2 3G is a useful tool for those who want to have internet for everyone, for those who travel frequently and those who have no internet at work. It is very easy to use, but its capabilities are limited to mail, information, uploading and taking pictures, skype or similar programs, movie watching, book reading. Low weight, good screen resolution and great battery autonomy. Infinite programs and many free for unforgettable hours! The use of 3g allows a micro sim of a mobile phone operator to use the internet according to the selected package without using the various modems. Simply place the card in the special recess. Of course, if we find through wifi free internet use, ipad automatically uses it from there without the burden of our sim. As far as office functions are concerned, it is tricky and tedious. eg you can not easily work with excel, even if you can read such files, but the processing is difficult. Another negative is the absence of a usb gateway to transfer or read files. It requires the use of an additional HY for attaching itunes and backup programs or uploading movies, photos. I highly recommend those who want a replacement for their laptop and have no big demands. Positive
A unique proposition at a very tempting price that makes reality the use of touch screen on a professional computer. Positive: Unique touch screen that changes data in Windows, Tablet conversion mechanism, Excellent manufacturing quality, Rich packaging, Existence of camera, HDMI port, Fast WiFi, Rich preinstalled software, HP brand name, Existence of fingerprint reader, Good screen resolution, Low price, Very good battery life. Negative: Weight, Moderate performance of built-in speakers. Positive
I have bought it for about 1 month and I am quite satisfied. Fast and reliable when starting windows and in everyday applications for which it is intended. The SSD is worth the money and this is seen in speed. General manufacturing quality and touchscreen is very good. There are also the minus: a) The programs that come pre-installed by lenovo and intel are rather annoying rather than useful. I fought a lot to synchronize them to their latest releases and to work smoothly and ended up uninstalling most of them to calm down! b) The reasonably-priced battery (not movies and 3D games) lasts about 3-4 hours and I was hoping to see something more. Positive
I have 4 days :) is very beautiful very handy and very fast ... it has two gifts: a case and a bluetooth speaker !!! Very good.... Positive
Very nice tablet performance and waterproof Positive
This is the best android tablet for me at this time. It&#39;s also very beautiful. In general, Sony has recently surrendered to its mobile devices and seems to have been mindsetted by very modest products of the past few years. On TVs and laptops, but mainly on mobile devices, Sony can say that they are also the oldest ones. Positive
Excluding the not so good battery autonomy then I can say with certainty that it is the best Tablet on the market so far. Positive
Very good color response and waterproofing adds great security. applications and camera work very well Positive
Very stylish and beautiful tablet with great performance in applications and is also waterproof that adds security to a tablet Positive
The fact that it is in the 10 best tablets of my world is enough ....... Positive
It is perfect and has good autonomy. I use it all. It helps it has a good workmanship and it deserves every euro you will give Positive
Very fast tablet with good screen Several good autonomy Positive
Very good. I use it in my work and I am absolutely happy .... quality, performance is combined at an affordable price ..... Positive
A very nice tabby is worth 100% of its money Positive
I am absolutely delighted with the functionality of the device !!! Everything works perfectly. The only minimal negative is the &quot;simple-medium&quot; (1,280x800) screen resolution, but its flaws are overlapped by the very good choices made in color rendering. It has not yet even been updated on android 4.3 The pen and the response of the screen ... fantastic. If I called to choose between LG G-PAD 8.3 and ipad mini retina, I might have chosen one of the others because of the analysis. all of this I am happy with my purchase and I did not regret it at all. Positive
the tablet is just perfect !!! it&#39;s too fast and does not stick with anything! the only negative one is the battery that I would like to hold more. do not think it worth buying !!! especially for the 266 euros that I had succeeded in bidding. Positive
Simply excellent, excellent quality and user-friendly. Applications that will satisfy even the most demanding, fast processor, excellent screen resolution. For me personally better than ipad mini. The monochrome only the autonomy I would like to be bigger ... With regard to price-performance gets excellent! Positive
It&#39;s perfect and I&#39;m impressed by its capabilities For the $ 270 I bought it, I think the Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 N5110 is the best choice currently on the market. Of course, maybe it was my fault that I did not give &quot;something more&quot; to put 3G as well. Good 2 GB RAM and 1.6 GHz Small Tablet Processor. Positive
Excellent at also excellent price. It is not late for me to get on the Internet, so I guess the above-mentioned problem might have it with its connection. For who wants a tablet not only to play and watch videos but as a tool of work, this is because Spen is one way. She deserves 100% money. Positive
Very good baby tablets. in general it is reliable, although it sticks a little on the internet. it is getting in. battery not so good. Positive
Very good tablet, fast with ample ram, but ... Does not support flash. With the many, I put him, but he crashes. (Firefox) Positive
I am completely satisfied with the market, it really delivers the expectations. Positive
I use it for about a month and I&#39;m excited, It&#39;s a great choice for someone who needs a top electronic communication and entertainment device !!! Positive
For money that costs very good choice! Works well with sony xperia and samsung galaxy (I tried it ...). Direct connection to PS3 and Philips cineos (HDMI) TV. Very good display (1024x600HD) with good response (wants to get used to it in the beginning). It has not been stuck anywhere now. It&#39;s NOT recommended for those who are stuck with google games games and wallpapers (NOT installed with anything). I have put 1mobile, which has ALL &quot;basic amenities&quot; and it&#39;s ALL FREE! It also has exactly the same interface as googleplay! Good battery autonomy (with full video and downloading with WiFi for 5h ... no problem!). with double the money you get the Samsung galaxy tab 2 7 &quot;(much better screen, better support), but for first tablet ... it breaks !! Positive
He is excellent ... fast ... and a very good package for his money. Positive
Excellent for his money Positive
very good and at an affordable price Positive
Very good ... nice colors, fast and easy Positive
I have only 3 days and I am quite satisfied although I was especially reluctant when I bought it. For the use I want it (youtube, movies, games and surfing the internet) is adequate. For its battery I will mention only that I grew plants vs zombies 2 over two hours until it drops to 14% where he asked me to load it (I have no experience of other tablets to know if the two hours are satisfactory). Finally for his reliability, time will show if I do not see the word to spoil his only .. Positive
Good manufacturing quality, superb IPS screen, excellent touch response, processor and performance graphics that impress for the price. The first five minutes you think you&#39;ve got the chance of the year ... and after a while you understand why it&#39;s not. Negative
Terrible I have no words to describe it, the top of the market !!!!!! Positive
The tablet is incredibly thin, a very fast processor and an impressive screen with bright colors. It is also waterproof. One of the top 3 tablets in the market !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Positive
best of all .... just dropped and the price of everyone running ... and attention away from i pad ... Positive
Very good! I am excited! Very fast response to all of it! Amazing colors and clarity! Many applications and features! I highly recommend it! Positive
Apatious ...... 2 clicks over the other very good ...... Positive
Excellent Tablet! I have been here for a long time and have not disappointed me once! From Hardware Shows you do not seem to have a bitter duplicate processor, while upgrades are continuous! Ever since it was announced that it will take the BB10, I&#39;m more than excited! Positive
fast, reliable, just top Positive
He has not been charging the charger since the first week already ... crazy sticking until the day I made it and ended up in the place he deserves, Negative
unacceptable tablet. He enjoyed the first day of Koilas. He closes his only and then he does not open with anything. He dries incessantly. It&#39;s getting too hot. And the voice volume button was damaged. Negative
Very good manufacturing quality, a modest processor, sadly Android, hanging very easily because it&#39;s always like Android in the background will do its own no matter what Task Killer you put it, great Screen, but it can be engraved with a lot of ease, heavy for its size, has the extraordinary advantage of accepting a Mini Disk, in no way can it functionally replace a Laptop, but it is better than a Smart Phone for rudimentary Internet use and a basic update to mail. For the sake of Wi Fi and its even better Blue Tooth but also its great storage capabilities (I put 32 MB) is a decent Gadget market. Negative
The tablet is very good. As long as I have not experienced a problem and the games are playing smoothly (eg nfs most wanted and mc4). The only bad thing about the camera is that without good lighting the picture will not be very good. Positive
It&#39;s a pretty good device satisfactory software is an excellent device Positive
its play strore is the slide me. If I ranked the slide me from 1-10 I would have it 3 because it has important applications that the world would want. Even as a tablet it&#39;s perfect. Positive
Excellent design, fast surfing, great internal memory and support applications without sticking Positive
Well, I would not say it&#39;s one of the best tablets, but I can say it&#39;s good for the cost of it. The processor is very good. It sticks a lot and does not have a Google Play Store, but you can install it. I&#39;m not happy with battery performance if it lasts about three hours playing. I do not recommend it. Negative
Very good for the money it costs. Positive
very good tablet with good android but does not have a play store. Positive
For his money, now that his price has dropped significantly, it&#39;s a very honest tabloid. Positive
It is a very powerful and cheap tablet that can be upgraded and toys with requirements but the screen is in its money, that is, it has a moderate color rendering with a narrow viewing angle, I also found that it is not accurate. Negative
Very good for his money, I had before a Breeze 2 which paid 99-e and was totally useless, whole shots. The battery nowadays is now holding about 4 hours. Positive
is a very good tablet does not have a play store but you can do it alone installation is perfect for his price! Positive
Those who have the intention of buying it are aware of the fact that for those they offer is expensive and basically we buy the brand name of the device! If it is possible for a 200 euro tablet to have no light on the back and menu keys and to look for the evening that is I do not know how to buy it so much! With less money, but they offer much more! Negative
It&#39;s perfect bouncy multi-quotient hurry up and down all the games Positive
Excellent. I am impressed with how practical it is. Very good market for anyone connected to the internet only through wifi. Positive
Very good tablet, excellent battery, excellent performance, durability. Very nice screen, pretty good camera. I have it for two years and it&#39;s like a new one. Positive
In spite of a very good machine, a fast processor, a satisfactory camera and great durability, I have two years and it works perfectly Positive
i am very happy with the use of it is fast does not hang, perfect design, adroid menu very good the camera moderately enough they are worth the money !!!! Positive
Do not worry if you want to know what you want to do, so do not worry. Positive
Very good!! And if one thinks it&#39;s the company&#39;s first attempt on the tablet then it just deserves congratulations. Very good, battery very good, screen very good, arctically fast .. Generally the feeling is like the Samsung galaxy tab 2 that I had caught in my hands maybe better. Now that he has fallen and his honor, I think he deserves this too. Positive
Good and pleasure, good price I propose it Positive
Very good and easy to use, fast to respond. Positive
I&#39;m a computer technician and the truth is I did not have a good impression on the tablets. By the time I took the samsung I just became angry. Incredibly fast and with lots of possibilities. The best thing about me is that it wirelessly connects with the samsung TV I have and I see the pictures I&#39;ve taken, the videos and so on. Aaaaa, is also used as a TV remote for TV !!!!! Positive
it has a friend of mine and I liked it very much !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! is very good !!!!!!!!!! Positive
The tablet is awesome! He deserves the last euro! much cheaper than the ipad and better Positive
Sweat is very rough Positive
I already have it for 2 months and it really has solved my hands !!! I do days to open the laptop! There were more cases available (with or without Bluetooth keyboard) ... Positive
fine tablets very good !!!! Positive
after 10 days I use it incessantly I can say that it is very good ... no negative has not ... at the beginning I was thinking about 7 &#39;&#39; but one inch as strange and it seems to be a big difference ... buy with eyes closed! Positive
Very good tablet. Light and good screen! Positive
I have it for a few days. Very good screen with nice colors. Quick and easy to use. Light and thin, it fits everywhere and does not get tired. Satisfactory battery autonomy. Excellent value for money (I bought it when it still made € 235). I highly recommend. Positive
Its money is very little for the ones it offers .... it is necessary I think there is no better. .. I&#39;m preparing to buy and secondhand ..... Positive
I have been here for a week and I think it&#39;s a very good choice. Its size and capabilities make it an excellent companion for any use we want. Positive
finishing throws and very handy. Positive
I have the tablet for 3 months. It is awesome both in terms of features and in terms of performance. Indeed the difference from 7 to 8 inches is enough and I was right with the choice. That&#39;s what I write now. Achieved by the market. Ugly display, awesome speed and good battery life with heavy use. Top choice in the category and for the specific range. Positive
Excellent tablet. Very good features and a good price in relation to quality. Positive
I bought it 3 days ago and what I want to describe is that it&#39;s an awesome tablet with a much larger battery than the ipad mini that i had a lightweight fast does not stick with all the amenities of jelly bean and at a very good price for 8 inches Positive
It&#39;s perfect for the last one ... a great advantage is Jelly Bean&#39;s software that makes it uncooling and long battery life the sistine unreservedly !!! I am absolutely sure! Positive
I bought it 4 days ago, from this I write now. It is, in my opinion, top of his class. For this price he definitely deserves his money. Positive
the product is very good! we have been using it for about 10 days already on a family basis and has not shown anywhere to hang! Imagine 4 people to take it as soon as the other leaves it ... :) Facilities, application testing, websites, games ... is fast, with a bright screen, a battery that has never fallen during the day and good wifi . It also catches the points of the house that our mobs are losing! I&#39;m very happy ... I would be even more so if I bought it through skroutz and I would have paid it 100+ euros less if I got it through subsidies from a mobile operator, so I had to &quot;debit&quot; list prise :) Positive
is one of the best in the market ... !!! Positive
Very good machine, very fast and very good display. The only problem is that the battery does not last more than 1-1.5 days on the internet. Positive
is very easy to use and very good as a brand. the only problem I had was that it has usb micro &amp; I had to buy extra adapter to connect to usb stick or hard disk. Positive
Caution!!! I took it 2 weeks ago and has several problems. One of the problems is that it pulls me into the startup red screen and hangs. Crap ... Negative
The product after its intended charging did not work. No indication of the menu. It was returned to that particular store with a courier, within one day. After 3 days of delivery to the company, I have absolutely no information. Mildly unacceptable. Negative
super fantastic nice Positive
Pretty good for his money a bit better processor wanted to be able to respond to his very good screen. Positive
Very good tablet, fast, good screen, good suggestion on this money. the only minus the small resolution of the front camera and the absence of a second camera. Positive
Pretty good, with GPS and Bluetooth at 100 to 110 euros, is one of the best Positive
Very good choice! Really a value-for-money tablet. Positive
Very good battery keeps a few hours just the mono bad memory just with an update spells up above ... Positive
Very good for his price, in general terms. Fast, very good screen, long battery life .. only negative, the small internal memory for the applications Positive
Very good, fast processor, Gps, radio, enough memory. If you count the price and the very good service part of lenovo is a pleasure Positive
Very good tablet from an appraisal company. It looks like the ipad mini from the acer as a cheap competitor. In relation to many other android tablets it excels in many and especially the A811 3g. Good quality construction for its price (it is not ipad, It costs Android apps free of charge, android jely bean 3 G .Tablets me 3g and with 8bar 16GB HDMI quad-core, other companies are worth more than $ 100.That if someone wants apple and ios then it will not be fully satisfied.Who prefer android then will be delighted with the acer811 3G and will not regret it in any case We go to the shops. Positive
The best Tablet is Greek! Very fast, with good memory, enough battery, but the main thing that has made me feel confident is the Greek fixed customer service phone, which if necessary is there to give you what you need. Graphics .. ... A Ψ Γ A! Crystal display, and something that few know ... it&#39;s also a phone! Normally! I&#39;m putting mini SIM and that&#39;s it! Warranty! MLS. You talk to him and he hears you. Benefits and its factory applications. We try to see it in some shop! Positive
Very good !! You are fully satisfied ... Positive
Remarkable piece !!! Dare it !!! Positive
I got the Nexus today. A terrific screen, great resolution and colors and that apps I&#39;ve run so far just blows. That&#39;s best at this price. Positive
Very fast and android has gone up a lot Positive
Excellent features and experience of use. Very good display and of course price. Unique drawbacks, lack of SD card reception and some minor problems with the touchscreen (this problem has generally been observed in a number of devices). Positive
it is very good ... I believe the best that is circulating ... fast ... light ... the colors superlative and its memory that it must .... Positive
One-way tablet market on the market at the moment with a 7-inch diagonal feature with more signature models with Asus signature and Google-powered. + High definition full HD screen (just perfect) + light and convenient (portability) + good battery with an energy saving program with good good autonomy + high quality of construction (necessarily a thin case is considered necessary) - some troublesome resetting problem that is solved after software update Positive
What to say about maybe the best Android tablet at this price and size. A stunning screen with the right colors and brightness, fast on all and naturally with an upgraded operating system. Positive
The best tablet at this time, at the best price. Full screen, fast, light and small. Positive
I just needed it at 7 &quot;... It&#39;s fast, reliable, good value and does not hang anywhere! Really a trusted partner I always carry with me. Positive
Value for money to get the most complete tablet at this time with 250.00 euros Positive
I would put him 5 stars because he is an excellent tablet for his honor. Unfortunately I got a slightly faulty touchscreen (look for &quot;nexus 7 multi touch issues&quot; and you will understand). I had some spots on the screen that are less sensitive than the rest of the surface and this negatively affected the handling of the device. Positive
Wonderful screen for reading articles but also for video !! Very lightweight and held in comfort in one hand but it was easier to hold the previous Nexus7, its soft rear had more friction! Positive
Good value for money, with more expensive tablet features where you pay for the name. The only downside that it has no rights for the Play Store (that&#39;s why it&#39;s a price?), Which of course was overridden by a similar program that works the same way and has similar downloading applications. I suggest it for a purchase. Positive
(And speakers) ASUS puts its hands on the software.Metric photos as well if you &#39;ve stable then nor even that&#39; s nothing. They say what will be upgraded to Android 4.3. Positive
Where do I start from the company or its price? The company is my flawless choice with the updates the price with the technical features of the incredible. A small subject with the photo, but you do not get bored just one day. Generally, a reliable value for money tablet I recommend it with eyes closed. Positive
Very good in all areas, a relaxed screen, badges that do not worry you, play that I put it, great value. If I ever changed the same I would Positive
Company Military Headquarters! Vassilis Economou: From PASOK was deleted from GAP because he did NOT vote on the Memorandum ... Negative
Song: SYRIZA SYRIZA of Korinthia - Where are you going, SYRIZA, with a dramatic mind ... Negative
You self-pinch when you ask who SIRIZA will propose to SIRIZA accepting the victory of the opponent. Positive
And I also fuck New Democracy because I&#39;m a politician in the final, not crappy !!!! Negative
VERY HARD THE VASILAKIS WITH THE TRANSLATORS !!! ONLY WITH THE SYRIZA THE DAVARITS IS WHAT HALAROS.NA NA AKOUTE.HESI MOUSI AND O Negative
Because I see the extreme right of the Southwest crying for CH: The murderers are extreme religious fundamentalists, harmed by religion Negative
Another neo-liberal measure of ha chalogistis: Private KTEO will not be able to priced lower than the Public! Negative
Memoranda, etc., SYRIZA breaks and changes without any problems. The Moslem Decisions, why can not we change them? Negative
The bustle of the day. Because SYRIZA did not vote for the protection of the first residence but now remembered the risk of potential auctions; Negative
Both PASOK for Fount .... Negative
As long as ND is looking for the responsibility of defeat you will live your red dream .... Positive
There are also some SYRIZA candidates who, too, can not take the best will to have self-reliance. Negative
How much did Syria&#39;s popular party ... make it through folk today? Negative
But Oikonomou ??? which will be taken by NM Samaras and his right-wing councilors ... Negative
you voted in favor of SYRIZA to legitimize 1.5 million &quot;fools&quot; to vote &gt;&gt;&gt; Negative
Coach of KKE Holargos puts the coach for the SEF Negative
Chromatic + Party Evening &quot;Hope is coming. Europe is changing. Negative
Theocharis in realfm: There is a common sense in Potami that we lack so much. Why did he say anything? Negative
In Syriza, Rachel Makri !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Negative
Such a refinement of the nominations of a party like those of SYRIZA has not existed again. Negative
Leontaritis: There are limits to the pre-election and SYRIZA have surpassed them Negative
Scullet: a. We do not want a break with the troika. b. The troika wants completion of the evaluation. c. Syriza does not accept it. He said all three. Negative
A. Dimoschakis, ND candidate in Evros, was the leader of EL.AS in the case of the hangar. Negative
Dangerous and adventurous declaration for expanding terrorism if governed by Negative
Citigroup: Excessive fear of markets for SYRIZA&#39;s possible victory in the election Negative
Jackie was in PASOK and left! Negative
The Press Project: Spirakiada: Maria Spyraki argued that with SYRIZA&#39;s program ... Negative
&quot;Koutsoubas: Fellow members of the Communist Party, not Fyodorous, are involved in the KKE lists&quot;. Like Kanelli. Negative
Has Luke been a spokesman for the Southwest? The gentleman back what is it? Negative
uNews24.gr Spyrakis: SYRIZA aims at the country&#39;s exit from the euro - &quot;And then ... Negative
how many SYRIZA deputies went to defense witnesses on November 17th. Who SYRIZA defended the Pakistani defeated Myrto Negative
Grandmothers in the urban say they will vote for Pasok because some habits do not change. So, they want to eat like girls girls. Negative
We remember that SYRIZA was at one point and a supporter of the escape from the euro ... now they do not want to do that either ... Negative
These ND simplifications have made me nervous. Panic is a bad counselor gentlemen ... Hang like a primary school student! Negative
Here, see your daughter, the NEW DEMOCRACY gets them out of the blue. DISGRACE!!! Negative
Here we will get the grandmother to embroider the word SYRIZA to put it in order to welcome Kalimera to welcome the new order of things. Negative
Hatzidakis: The tree with the money of SYRIZA does not exist Negative
Whoever did not come out of DIMAR at the helm, to lift his hand :) Negative
The unspeakable French policemen are arming! Inform SYRIZA immediately to make a relevant demarche or course to the French Embassy :-P Negative
DIPROSOPIA: Municipality of SYRIZA builds a building in the Alsos! Negative
in 1st Athens the ND took 8 deputies, now it will make 4 logical, it has become the postman after the elections Negative
If the ND promises to reduce ENFIA on 26/01. Do not say that you did not know if you changed the story. Negative
Varoufakis did not go to SYRIZA. SYRIZA went to Varoufakis. Negative
Fools Are From Overseas for UsWhite Intellectuals FOR SYRIZA - The Dawn Online via Negative
DOWNLOAD AT ROTAMI Negative
he proceeded with a decision as he was saying, then you are lying in your caravans Negative
PASOK also abandons it more quickly than Titanic Negative
with SYRIZA in case of victory, compromise they wanted to write Negative
ALL THE BUBBOOKS IN THE PORT Whoever believes that Greece will be saved from POTAMI of Psarianos, Tatsopoulos ... Negative
That is, Greece&#39;s development for ND is to study the youth and then work in a souvlagidian for 400 euros? Wonderful! Negative
&quot;We get nobody else for Prime Minister&quot; ... Akaka told me that for reasons I do not understand is ND after ... Negative
In Amphipolis will find the bones of the Megalexander who set up the embankment in Evros and is a candidate for the ND in Pellas. 51% o Sammar Negative
I&#39;m writing &quot;Why did I decide to vote SYRIZA and why I sell drugs out of date&quot; Negative
She found her plutocracy SYRIZA and will fight her, are families with over 800-900 € income .. Negative
Well, he voted a party with the far-right long and the PASOK adventurer. You think you hit the system. Science is raising hands! Negative
He became the rector of the Greek Cypriot University when he was descending with ND by Fortsakis. Remember me that the next one ... Negative
Did BISTIS reach the PASOK territory? I say! the person is not playing. where door open ...... Negative
When it does pre-election concentration, catering boils 2 packs of macaroni to feed the voters ... multiannual people see Negative
DIPROSOPIA: Municipality of SYRIZA builds a building in the Alsos! Negative
The River Fortsakis: Bourgeois University Negative
in the ND they are campaigning for a room Negative
The most beautiful ..white in the southwest of Greece! Dagoton Noun .. - &quot;THE BUSINESS&quot;: Positive
I think he wrote in that it is made by lynx Negative
The parties this year are all beaten! Right and left in the same party! That you will vote for PASOK will be something like parsley Negative
As criticizing the KKE, mentioning Kanelis ... Negative
They saw in SYRIZA that they had risen and said they would put Rachel on the ballot paper to avoid self-reliance. Negative
Will we go to elections without ND to make a debate? This will be the biggest ever ever ... Negative
WE WANT TO REDE Negative
It is the best time I think SYRIZA talks about its love to illegal immigrants Negative
Who else? Your dad! RT Who will propose the President of the Republic SYRIZA after the elections? Negative
This! &quot;When SYRIZA criticized a sketch, it was not JE SUIS CHARLIE ... - eyedoll» Negative
Candidate with New Democracy the condemned Ev. Balaskas Negative
Candidate with New Democracy the condemned Ev. Balaskas Negative
The ND program is the Troika program, which filled the country with ruins Negative
Out of the zeppies they were gone; &quot;Samaras: Reduction in Tax and Insurance Contributions&quot; Negative
Kymikragic results have the embargo of the people on the members of the ND. which are forced to gather in ... Negative
That&#39;s what Pano has to do ... &quot;At 21:00 in the news bulletin of MEGA Negative
if in the ballot box there are photos of the dawns, I&#39;m so soft that I will roll Negative
in Karfi: &quot;Wake Andrea to see that we still have kites&quot; and together dvd with his speech &quot;PASOK in the government, the people in power&quot; Negative
And you SYRIZA animals tried to answer him with decency and have a serious conversation with him So many animals? Possible; But so many animals Negative
@ savatokyriako I have not heard from scratch. What does Papadimoulis say? Do you want Syria to disarm police? It&#39;s not economy all Negative
SYRIZA&#39;s party radio director is defying the Prime Minister with urgent ratings. If they do not, they agree with him. Negative
PANAYIOTIS TELEVANTOS: THE MAIN &quot;COMBINATION&quot; IS SERIOUSLY SUSPENDED BY THE SYRIZA WITH THE DIMA Negative
... and becoming in-house for a new president of ND , to see what bitterness he&#39;ll get from his own !!!!!! Negative
Good morning. Today&#39;s SYRIZA voter is not interested in what he says. His vote has punitive characteristics Negative
Kṛṣṇa Arvanitis v. Samara&#39;s insubordinate criticisms outrage ND Negative
Fear to God SYRIZA is not the end - Rachel Makris candidate SYRIZA: &quot;we will set up hangers for the (elected) donors&quot; Negative
The ND will fight the bruising of the blamefully Negative
After Gherecu he also gets the Economist of DIMAR Samaras - The resilience continues ... | ... Negative
Let&#39;s go! Money that does not exist! Vote them! SYRIZA&#39;s measures for work :: left.gr Negative
Aron-hero retired the ND election campaign for the military ... For what truth and responsibility do you talk to? Negative
ND condemns the designation of &quot;asshole&quot; for Samaras. Does that mean that the prime minister is not masturbating? Negative
And why is it still New Democracy and not Housewives in Despair? Negative
Spy Worms of ND against young children Negative
also rumors that the sign of the SW is changing and will now have a fence, they are rushed ... Negative
&quot;Pay&quot; well Venizelos for Prime Minister and ANEL for third party via Negative
ND is rewarding for the case of the &quot;Zarditorier&quot; the then leader of EL.AS - It will be a candidate via Negative
You do not know; Guess who will pay the PASOK Venizelos 140 million loans and ... Negative
&quot;He convinced us ... Anyone who still had doubts about SYRIZA&#39;s attitude towards the Eurozone must ... Negative
the positions of responsibility in the state were reduced, but the Ministries of Ministers and ministers increased. Negative
Political level Greece 2015-&gt; Samaras: &quot;Since SYRIZA is throwing you I will give you more, you will chew this sheep&quot; Negative
&quot;No more reductions. The time has come for increases&quot;. If he had the humor, SYRIZA would answer: &quot;The money you find?&quot; Negative
If so, then why did he divide the Potami 7 seats into candidates from the &quot;old&quot; rotten system? Negative
&quot;SYRIZA wants to put a trap in the people&quot;: &quot;Cuts, reforms, competitiveness everywhere&quot; with these ... Negative
Do you know and who is America? &quot;P. Karkatsoulis: The problem in Greece is that the laws do not apply Negative
Samaras will create 20,000,000 jobs. The gold spoons will become platinum. The golden dawn will guard Greece. Negative
Yes very much! They have forgotten ND since then, and they still have lots of money to pay off Negative
Arvanitis talks about the Syrian Taxi Negative
Did you try to judge or satirize Islam? How do you dare &quot;Behold&quot; ??? To death !!! what will SYRIZA do for ... Negative
The nod will send the commander. Syriza will give them an island as a business base. Are you still waiting for the parties? Negative
Let the Communists NOT speak for MACEDONIA, because 30/1/49 the 5th Plenum of the KKE recognized Macedonian language and the right of self-determination. Negative
The ruler of Sevo Drako RT Who will propose SYRIZA after the elections for President of the Republic? Negative
The AH of the Lounges -&gt; &quot;Those who have gone to Athens to return and support healthy forces for the migrant Negative
SYRIZA has not yet come out and the citizens are slaughtered who will be back first 13th pension Negative
I do not vote for you. But really ND with Samara as he goes shifts to the far right and is ashamed of a historic party Negative
what do you Kostas? daughters I sneak ... wise people ... Negative
Is there a poll showing DEMAR over 1%? Is there one - except Fanouri - who thinks it will be close to 3%? Negative
ND Policy: If you are 18 you can not vote. If you are over 80 you are meant to go running. Negative
the Taliban neoliberalist is invited to read the FIGARO article on the tooling of the scarlet from SW Negative
Below is not possible! - I am clear that I am a member of SYRIZA for years before discovering Tsipra Kostakis Arvanitis Negative
In ND there is a nice atmosphere in the camarines and it comes to the world that is entertaining ..., Negative
Laughs the world - Venizelos: We will not coexist with New Zealand again Negative
I did not say that she has a young child, ok HYDEA? -&gt; Syriza&#39;s behavior in his incredible vulgarity Negative
&quot;one makes the horse &amp; the other rider&quot; Lenin phrases to point to the wrong KKE strategy in the contradictions Negative
-&gt; SYRIZA is the physical space - albeit not alone - of any political sergeant. the ALEXIS TSIPRAS ALEXIS TYCHODIOKTIS Negative
The elections and the executives of Syria have not yet been shown in the end of the arrogance. Otherwise, the polls and the other. Negative
&quot;Venizelos: PASOK is heading for a historic victory on January 25&quot;. Cut the chain fat, go bawdy. Negative
We poured into the smoke. The SW candidate is Stavros&#39; son, Kostas&#39; children, Petros&#39; daughter ... Negative
The dream of SYRIZA&#39;s orphans Negative
UNCUTE THEORY SYRIZEOS JP Morgan poll shows Syriza 10 points ahead. Negative
Peast Mourou! 5.60 gives the bet, if the ND is to win! Negative
Nicolas does not listen, and he will go to vote for SYRIZA and we will run. Negative
The ND spot is a marketing prize Negative
since ESIEA is the official offshore and fascist organ of Syria. Negative
&quot;Alexis I was Pasok and I vote for you&quot; Come on! only you! Negative
Obviously, for New Democracy, young people are today&#39;s scholars and slaves of 400 € of tomorrow. Negative
Spade ND with Samaras trying to make control and Markarian from the counter shouting &quot;WHAT IS MALE, WHAT IS MORE!&quot; Negative
And the minds on the field: The first TV spot of ND :: left.gr Negative
I imagine the image of ND with Karamanlis and I&#39;m excited. Negative
The last time ND president tried to play ball and make &quot;court&quot; ended up with a meniscus Negative
come true there in NW you paid for this emetic spot? Negative
In the ND spots Samaras writes to the other children and talks to Nicholas only. As he does in appointments ... Negative
At the next ND spot, Samaras will explain to Greek-African teen basketball players that the Greek is only through NBA drafts. Negative
In the ND spots, the children had given them barbiturates, otherwise they would have done all of it. Negative
Malas Kyalata 3rd party sure XA children do not believe polls, several voters are ashamed to say it to the investigations Negative
CAFÉ: The government asks for the change from SYRIZA to the Arvanitis soft ... The people give the answer: Negative
Samaras is trying to get votes from the Golden Dawn but ... his effort will fail Negative
What a misfortune to tell you and be a candidate with the KKE Negative
with PASOK trade unionists with you yes we believe you Negative
but it is &quot;interesting&quot; the ... fascism It will be very interesting though the Golden Dawn to be a third party Negative
We will be troubled by the trolls ... but the Golden Dawn may be remanded but will be a third party Negative
ELEFTHERIA REEEE !!!!!: Tsipras: No Grexit, but Samaras-exit - SYRIZA ... Negative
Samaras makes tricks with the ball in the ND election campaign Negative
I would like to say that Tsipras will talk to children, immigrant children, from Ernest&#39;s kindergarten. Negative
the truth is that after advertising I was saying &quot;hope comes&quot; I expected Samaras to answer with Beyas Argyrakis Negative
In SYRIZA he says the only thing they do is to yell, I answer him because you say that fuckin &#39;banana&#39;am and it was misunderstood! Has not Negative
are you charged with SYRIZA&#39;s ads on You Tube? Negative
-Kotta celebrates the mute dead - Kota said Syrian leader Samaras asshole Political contradiction with arguments not bullshit Negative
if he does a midi turn as he sounds bad languages to know he&#39;s over ... Negative
Everywhere she has babies. The NW oguns went to Hague. Any analogy will happen when it breaks down Negative
When SYRIZA criticized a sketch, it was not JE SUIS CHARLIE ... Negative
said the one who has blocked half of his ... Read how low will my PaCok fall? Negative
I saw the ND election campaign and I appreciated Jambo&#39;s ads. Negative
Finally, seeing a number of images of bulging suspects (3 and the cuckoo) of the Southwest, I noticed that her bouncers had no hair! Negative
BECOMES THE UNIVERSE LEMME! Xoulidou who bought ND via Farmville and Pet Rescue is a cleftman Negative
ON THE MAKARITI, THE BALCONY OF THE HOUSE. The &quot;sudden love&quot; of the interlining with SYRIZA. Negative
What the fuck is wrong? New Democracy has also made a part of the country? Negative
A) NAI They will sting :) RT Psycharis is gambling for his survival (will the Syrians sting?), In the Southwest they get a stroke. Negative
From now on I have decided to phone every morning to two of my three friends who support SYRIZA to see if they are good because the ball was lost Negative
The shit of the day: Theodorakis: Potami will not accept being in a government of party officials !!! Negative
THE NEW TELEVISION SPOT OF THE ND AND THEIR RAGDAY DEVELOPMENT ... .MALKA !!! [video] Negative
the syriza will come out Positive
Karteros will go to Mega and Syria will fight the interests. Here you fall under the laughter Negative
at least I did not get any KIDIS to send me .. Negative
With a photo of a fence O Samaras today in Paris on the silent course of protest against terrorism Negative
-Give the ball of sulfur ... !! -If your father does not vote for ND, I&#39;ll drop you. Negative
Our vote is proclaimed by people with an interesting biography, such as the MEP who admitted to be a cleftman. Negative
Towards every Syriac-HAKKER that makes me stunned. I WILL NOT VOTE SYRIZE NEVER. Maybe I will not vote at all, but the lies of Syriza will fight them as long as I live. Negative
Is it accidental that teenagers star in the video? An age that the average person pulls 18 bulls a day? Negative
After SYRIZA becomes a Junta to rule. And you wake up. &quot;In the&quot; emetic &quot;MEGA, Alexis writes an August entry.&quot; Negative
Hello, my name is Nick and my dad says you have a weak memory. SPOT SW - ELECTIONS 6/2012: via Negative
YOU ARE INTEGRATED A RETRONIC EXTENSION &quot;You do not expect anyone from the right-wing, tortured, troll of ND to know the rhetorical exaggeration&quot; Negative
THE GREEK: The &quot;sudden love&quot; of the interlining with SYRIZA Negative
Kikilias: &quot;I am scared by SYRIZA&#39;s proposals for the police&quot; Negative
&quot;I&#39;m scared by SYRIZA&#39;s proposals for the police&quot;: The only sure way to go ahead is ... Negative
Top story: Fortsakis: SYRIZA will turn us in black seasons Ysterografa see more Negative
The ballots are without the very right Nikos Boiopoulos! Unfortunately, many people are persecuting the genuine left-wing anti-governmental voices! Random? Negative
Strengthening the KKE against the Euroatlanticism of the new bi-mathematics Positive
At the next NW spot &quot;Samaras Batman&quot; Negative
I calmed down now ... &quot;SYRIZA guarantees both the deposits and the relief of thousands of households from debt and poverty&quot;. Negative
ACE REF ORG. YOU ARE SYRIZA WHY I HAVE RIGHT AND HUGE HUMAN RIGHTS &quot;Thanks for the advice and I will repay in duplicate!&quot; Negative
Potami drops a candidate in favor of a military coup! via Negative
The ND will be renamed Nona Dounia to honor the new member. Negative
yes, for the one who had 20 papers against the ATHEX and activated them after the assassination Negative
Spyrakis: SYRIZA grassroots distort the real Negative
WHO WILL VOTE NEW DEMOCRACY TO HELP YOU. A RE PEGARO KARAMANLI IS RUNNING FROM THE TAVO AND DIOXTO WITH THE CLOCKS Negative
They remembered in NERIT the transmission of Theodorakis speech. There is live here too Positive
Poll of the Public Issue on Dawn: 8 units in front of SYRIZA and self-sufficient! Positive
The laborer worked in 2012 and received money from the Greek Parliament Negative
Has the ND completely lost and is trying to empty the banks? so is it that he will lose? and if I win? how are the losers turning? Negative
Slightly sweet but also good, clear and with clear contrast &quot;misery-hope&quot; the spot of SYRIZA Positive
Did I see the SPOT OF SYRIZA or HOPE COMING? thumbs-up children MAKRAN more moderate, from &quot;In the streets of overturning we are spreading the future&quot; Positive
Here the world is burning and PASOK is combing ... Negative
SPORTS FUNDS THE NEW TV SPOT OF ND WITH THE SAMARA AND THE BALL !!! Positive
Here the world is burning and PASOK is combing ... - hellasforce Negative
Here the world is burning and PASOK is combing ... Negative
Here the world is burning and PASOK is combing ... Negative
&quot;SYRIZA will remain alone with his obsessions&quot;: For &quot;SYRIZA gavellikes&quot; that distort the reality Negative
Great victory and dynamic self-reliance for SYRIZA - Top five new polls | The Ko via Positive
SPA NEWS: WASHINGTON: SYRIZA executives in Preveza threw ... Negative
... Stavros&#39; party: &quot;River is a system that serves the system&quot; The Box of Pandora via Negative
ORGANIZATION IN THE HELLENIC SOCIETY FOR THE TELEVISION SPOT OF SW Negative
H, who ruled only 22s22 seconds ago The mistakes made by ND after the summer Negative
Now that the Prime Minister has caught up with his co-pronouns, the next ND spot will be in a hair salon; Negative
fools are ... the fans of the Kubeli barbeque two years ago .... the same mischiefs .. Negative
SPORTS FUNDS NEW TV SPOT OF ND WITH SAMARA AND BALL! The day-night is seen and Kim Jong Oun in ... Negative
sitestories.blogpsot &quot;LAOS IS THE DEATH IN THE POLICE&quot; ...: LAOS is the mound in the polarization, &quot;said ... Positive
&quot;&quot; ... to impose ... &quot;&quot; ... listen to the night ... to be late with the bag ... to impose ... to blow you not to shake ... Negative
but I did not like it, but they did not categorically deny that Samaras is a asshole Negative
That is, if you are a candidate you have to be a bully like Varvitsiotis ??? &quot;Candidate ANEL in Athens II Negative
-What team are you kid of me? - ND Negative
See what New Democracy was saying before the 2012 elections on wage and pension seizures (video) Negative
with balconies and flying anarchists; Negative
cousin says here a former of yours for Stavros baaaaaaaaaaaaa his idea will be Negative
IRAQI petropouli: &quot;Potami is a construction that serves the s ... Negative
Again, Bobbola gives Potami under 6.6% See all the odds given by his betting company Negative
10 reasons ... to vote SYRIZA - triklopodia.gr Positive
Because SYRIZA is excluded from being able to do all that it promises, it will soon be repaired and will return to its pre-memorandum Negative
If SYRIZA does what he promises, let him go and let go of the free wifi of Samara Positive
Conclusion of an interview Dragasagis: Are you a karaoke? voted a coin! Negative
A ND-POTAMI government will be better reformist and more liberal. PASOK alone finds it difficult for the past. Positive
In which party did you say that it is friendly to the parliamentarians like Rachel Makris? Negative
&quot;River is the third power&quot;! Positive
The crazy thing is that the ones who advertised HA are now going to load it on others. Unlikely types. Negative
it plays a political force and redeems the ND. They will eat to be deleted and will laugh at all ... Negative
I remember when SYRIZA criticized the 50-seat ban and demanded that it be abolished! The mutation started! What is the power ... Negative
WE ARE DONE!!! VIDEO: THIS TYPE IS EXPRESSLY SIMPLE AND DISCUSSIONS WHY YOU WANT TO VOTE SYRIZA IN ELECTIONS ... Negative
From &quot;... for countries that are in a program ...&quot; what did my friends of SYRIZA NOT OUR? ; ; Because,... Negative
Only by the KKE strong opposition Positive
How New Democracy lost the ball: It is hard to find in parliamentary democracy a time ... Negative
Public Issue: 8 units in front of SYRIZA and self-sufficient! :: left.gr Positive
SYRIZA&#39;s great inability to process data on the amounts of bondholders, and buyers of interest. Negative
KKE possible for the people! Positive
Fatal risk for Greece if SYRIZA is delayed in negotiations say New York Times Negative
In NW, the roles in the new executives are given meritocracy and everything that is worthwhile is taking place. Like Papamichiko, let&#39;s say Negative
ELECTIONS 2015: SYRIZA - Harry Klynn Collapsed: &quot;I do not keep catur ... Negative
In Potami and those who want a coup Negative
I really try to get rid of it without trying to mock (I try at least) because it hurts the KKE as it is today! Negative
POLITICS - Dionopoulos: SYRIZA has blacked out the celebrations with the elections in the ... Negative
Why the hell. economy needs SYRIZA&#39;s victory in the elections, says foreignpolicy. SYRIZAI and they. Positive
At 19:00 the speech at &quot;Pharae Palace&quot; Hotel in Kalamata. NEED WELL. Positive
Vote re. Because if something goes wrong there is always the solution to the coup. Negative
The Stavrou Women - Dynamic and Candidates in the River in terms of [pictures] iefimerida.gr - Positive
Syriac&#39;s devious behavior to patriot Harry Klynn. Govern me with Tremopoulos to get away ... via Negative
X. Klynn: The &quot;gentleman&#39;s agreement&quot; was not complied with by SYRIZA Negative
&quot;Gerek: Or I would go to NW or my house.&quot; In my own house, if Voskopoulos was waiting for me or I would like to go ... Negative
PrasiaOnline: M. Triantafyllou: &quot;Self-propelled SYRIZA - self-sufficient people&quot; Positive
Syriac&#39;s devious behavior to patriot Harry Klynn. Govern me with Tremopoulos to get away ... via Negative
Far from SYRIZA will make us Venezuela. Negative
Militia in SYRIZA is the main party of reforms &quot; Positive
Harry Klynn: SYRIZA did not respect the gentleman&#39;s agreement Negative
while you are selling the only pure truth ... Negative
Yes! Not like the other bullshit they were all getting Negative
against is the title for Multimoland of Koumoundouros Negative
SYRIZA did not keep the deal Negative
Harry Klynn: The gentleman&#39;s agreement with SYRIZA was not respected ... - Negative
REMEMBER THE FACTS FOR THE VENIZEL !!!!!!!!!! They want to expel him as PASOK president Negative
FASISTAS DOES NOT WANT DIRECT DEMOCRACY-&gt; &quot;SYRIZA is called to rule, not to ask by referendums if he does not know their homes&quot; Negative
Dinopoulos: SYRIZA is the &quot;caviar left&quot; Negative
In the majority, voters are castles Negative
Very bad things about Venizelos - They want to expel him as PASOK president Negative
Why DEMAR is &quot;fire and fury&quot; with Dinoopoulos Negative
DIMAR has discovered the government&#39;s &quot;dirt&quot;! In the &quot;bars&quot; for Dinoopoulos Negative
New York Times: Bank run scenarios, Drachma and &quot;collarbone&quot; SYRIZA - Negative
MEETING WITH THE SYRIZE GUIDE !!!!!!! Positive
Worried ND by statement Kostas Arvanitis: He called the prime minister &quot;M .....&quot; (video) Negative
NK Mihaloliakos: Golden Dawn will be a third party despite political persecution Positive
the awkward for neoliberals and left-wing moment when they see SYRIZA and the stock market going up, and spreads fall Negative
&gt;&gt; since 2000 and those who do not justify the purchase we will give them a 45% tax ...! &quot;Vote Syriza because you do not like ENFIA ... and then ... Negative
&quot;SYRIZA is the main party of reforms&quot; Positive
Dimopoulos for Kouvelis: &quot;paid well&quot; - Dearly to DIMAR Negative
FT describes exactly what will happen from the 26 (that the syrza is rejoiced with something like that, unimaginable) via Negative
Then the SYRIZA with spraying and right-wingers launched insults and threats to G. Papandreou via Negative
let me know about it, you are sympathetic to the syringa to tell you when to give the thracian Negative
The tragic statement of Dimopoulos for F. Kouvelis provoked the direct reaction of DIMAR Negative
Support message of Pablo Iglesias of Podemos for SYRIZA and Alexis Tsipras (VIDEO) Positive
on NW whenever it is buried always complaining we care and support it // Negative
[POLITICS] Harry screamed and left SYRIZA Harry Klynn! He stepped away with Alexis Tsipras Negative
When Adonis defies Mouroutis and ND Negative
Newsbeast.gr | POLITICS: Harry Klynn: SYRIZA did not keep a gentleman&#39;s agreement Negative
SYRIZA you are YOU! Take the step! Positive
And with the magnificent red spark while Nazi greetings the candidate of the Athens Stock Exchange in Heraklion Negative
Arg. Dimopoulos: &quot;Kouvelis was paid well&quot; - Strong reaction of DEMAR Negative
Patras local newspaper poll (GAP headquarters): KIDIS 2.1%! And the patriots, intertwined Yiorgaki? Negative
all parties have deputy members and executives. From 43% to 3% went sensible to move Negative
DEMAR rage over the &quot;Dynopoulos slanderousness&quot;: The angry reaction of the Democratic Left has provoked ... Negative
... and then came aliens with spacecraft that wrote SYRIZA and disappeared all Greeks and then .... Negative
Why New Democracy Will Lose Elections - via Negative
&#39;&#39; I WALK WITH THE SYRIZA&#39;S PROPOSALS FOR POLICE &#39;&#39; ...: The only sure way to go ahead is ... Negative
ND: Alexis Tsipras and SYRIZA want to make the country Venezuela ... Negative
Georgiadis: We will become Venezuela if SYRIZA becomes a government Negative
N. Michalhalakos: The Golden Dawn will be the third party Positive
Tsipras: &quot;SYRIZA will not abolish the hunt !!!!!&quot; Oh my lady .... What statement is this ... !!!! In Dafni they will put us here !!! Negative
SYRIZA: Branch of the Ministry of Finance Negative
Unfortunately (apparently) the SYRIZA deal will keep as much as you need to say not in German. Negative
&quot;SYRIZA wants to make Greece, Venezuela&quot; Negative
IRAF: THE SYRIZA will win in the 25 January elections ... Positive
ND: SYRIZA wants to make us Venezuela via Negative
Mihaloliakos: The Golden Dawn will be a third party Positive
Another Dinoopoulos would have ND would surely win the majority of the people&#39;s polls. Negative
Are you the youth of the Southwest who are doing pre-election gatherings in homes, do not you do anybody after? Or have your baccals finished? Negative
However, the role and proposals of the KKE are not in the form of &quot;to save you&quot; but &quot;to organize the game&quot; Positive
The train says SIRIZA is coming Only the headmaster gave him the wrong course! The lines were changed Negative
will be in English the conversation ??? Negative
&quot;SYRIZA or confesses that he will work with the partners or does not tell the truth&quot; Negative
The lynx&#39;s program tells us that we will download the images and in their place will be reversed crosses and headstands Antonis Samaras Negative
they are so crafted things from ND names in 2nd Athens that I will not be amazed if some people land UFO in Peristeri Negative
You know what your argument is, ND said, not technology experts. Both are wrong people. Negative
New York Times: If SYRIZA is losing time in the deal, the country will be defeated by the outflow of deposits Negative
I watched the ND election spot on TV and appreciated her Jumbo ads Negative
I will be offended by ND voters, but if you have a minimal mind you should understand that ... Negative
That&#39;s why the future looks like the future is the responsibility for the development etc ... It keeps PASOK high and we do not reach them Negative
All the reserves for Tsipra and SYRIZA are published by foreign media Positive
SYRIZA has opened tweeting news accounts in many European countries in the local language. Smart movement. Positive
Again, I agree but there is no contact in the programs think and imagine lasagna Tsoukalis Rachel furry ... Negative
after the election of the independent Greeks who rides the trench blame expect a KKE response with a playmobil Negative
sitestories.blogpsot &quot;Golden Dawn will be a third party despite political persecution&quot;: The assurance that Chrys ... Positive
Up to 21 seats &quot;see&quot; SYRIZA in 2nd Athens! That&#39;s why the big knives came out ... Positive
LaPavitsa Statement: It is in the hands of SYRIZA to receive strong criticism Positive
Samaras: SYRIZA is an accident that should not ... Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA is an accident that should not ... Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA is an accident that should not ... Negative
pre Syriza abolished Christmas-Easter gift, holiday allowance now with Syriza will be abolished Christmas, Easter the 15th of August? Negative
Mr. Papadimoulis, unfortunately, SYRIZA. suffers from a communication deficit. The spot is colorless and trite. Negative
put in the bucket 2 Simitopasokous, 2 neo-fillies, 3-4 apolitical technocrats, cooking in a channel to the center Negative
••• I do not know if SYRIZA is an accident .... but the political career of that ... is a political crash ••• Negative
K. MARKO: &quot;SYRIZA is Left Party only on paper&quot; Negative
Dedicated exceptionally to Golden Dawn but also to other Greek mobs ... Negative
Dimopoulos: Kouvelis was well paid by Tsipras: Argyris Dinopoulos&#39; answer was immediately in DIMAR and ... Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA is an accident that should not happen Negative
While he cohabited with New South, he followed the same scare tactics. He does not find a way to oppose Samara. Negative
a new wave of bad weather. the Syriza is coming and brings with him the Russian Winter Negative
The state of ND will be announced midnight and immediately transformed into a pumpkin? Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA is an accident that should not happen Negative
Lavpitsas: ND seeks shelter in slander, distortion and selective reading Negative
G. Papandreou: SYRIZA is out of reality - It will create new adventures Negative
&quot;The pensions of Greek expatriates will be restored&quot;: SYRIZA is committed to supporting with all their might ... Positive
When PASOK talks about a landmark, how many square meters it means on the map. Negative
Samaras: &quot;SYRIZA is an accident that should not happen&quot; Negative
New spots of the Southwest with the first image of Je suis Charlie and the first conversation &quot;Greece is shielded&quot; .Expectable, thank you. Negative
New Republic: SYRIZA&#39;s program is in the &quot;air&quot; and they admit it themselves Negative
THEY WILL CLOSE, AS WITH &quot;FT: SYRIZA turns against Greek oligarchs - From taboo issue to ... immediate priority Negative
One, two, three PASOK Amoebaes are reproduced by partition, division ... Negative
Syria is the new episode and is the system&#39;s buffers Negative
I was asked by the ND child to play Nikolas in the spot. I sent him a slave to Dubai. Better. Negative
you have cut off a Rit crossing The SYRIZA engine moves a fake tweet of Asimakopoulou Negative
&quot;SYRIZA copies the slogan&quot; the money is there &quot;&quot; Negative
Liana says that with the promise of 751 €, the 800-900 € will be fired to be recruited with 751 €. DD with 1400 € of what? Negative
It has saved from nowhere a lot of papers ... but very much .. once the syriza comes out, the birds will be in the black and you will smile. Negative
My God, I have just seen the spot of ANEL. THE CHRIST AND THE PANAGIA AND THE CHILDREN TAKE Negative
Dinopoulos bought because of Alexis 50cm. euro on paper. They have been dragged over to the Southwest. Negative
She put on the evil Knockout of Southwest, which is an irrelevant bearded beard, to go against Varoufaki? All our beasts cry Negative
And Lieutenant Dinopoulos ... Negative
The KKE will not work anyway, cult is no longer a political party. Negative
New Democrats who are trying to collect from AEK-Syria will take 2 tokids. Negative
Dax this &quot;irrigate votes&quot; for Tsipras River was a terrible stupidity. Say liberal dagans to the world. Negative
Samaras - SYRIZA will download the images! Negative
this is what the 89s are saying is what they are being purified to eat the people for 20 years. it was nice that it was a mistake that the KKE pulled out of an impasse Negative
the River Why did Fane play before the European elections? Where did you get percentages? Here we are talking about a GPA party that has elected MPs Negative
good for the occupation loans did not talk the US This Syriac from everywhere steals ideas! Negative
HYNO PROKES, yet he is a supreme fascist, he is the personification of vulgarity and he is an employee of ND Negative
We do not want the governor of the bank of Greece to be SYRIZA and Bukharin does us Negative
The wealth (s) knows that SYRIZA will tax him? (The candy of every politician). Negative
SYRIZA has a program of objectives and may become a capable bourgeois government. It is not a disaster for the system nor a Radical Left. Positive
PASOK once had money for advertising. Helicopters, horses, comrades, and hounds. Now, only supers. Negative
Looking at the ND statehood ballot, I wonder why they got so much to kidnap it. Crimea. Another missed opportunity .... Negative
SYRIZA is patriotic in the sense that it is with us and internationalist in the sense that there are no others. Negative
Hatzinikos of equal distance sat down and read the program of Syriza (along with Traga to make nothing worse) Negative
not ALL, we are with the KKE we want and we are. Positive
Venizelos: Agorbos intimidation from ND - &#39;Voice of tolerance&#39; in the new government | reporternewsgr Negative
PASOK in these elections will take ........ you know what. What a little bit ... and I was crashing this year. This ... Negative
and Potami is a remarkable solution for people. Positive
Preveza: INCREDIBLE !! The NU of SYRIZA Preveza contests announcement by the coordinating committee of ... Negative
Right X-Trem (i): CLICK! The first spot of Panara with mad laughter: Vote for us for SYRIZA Negative
The Anglerization of Southwest has brought Fortsakis Negative
filologos10: The Anglo-Southeast of NW brought the Fortsakis via Negative
The Anglerization of Southwest has brought Fortsakis Negative
Betting that Syriza will not solve any problem based on the fact that the same problem exists across Europe ... Negative
The Anglerization of Southwest has brought Fortsakis Negative
The Anglerization of Southwest has brought Fortsakis Negative
The Anglerization of Southwest has brought Fortsakis Negative
financing why it gets; Negative
At the SYRIZA site and in the &quot;Programming Positions&quot; section, there should also be a comprehensive text with the positions eg. for economy? Negative
. One is warned by reading to you if you do anything else in your life beyond mocking Negative
Whoever finds a better post, is ... a fighter ?; !!! ND, college school, see Adoni, Voridis, Gerekou etc !!! Negative
Me, however, the ND spot with Nicholas persuaded me. That I did well that I left abroad. Negative
P. Lafazanis (ND works with a montage, sad these methods of (old lapavitza interview Papamikou) Negative
IN THESE ELECTIONS, WE SHOULD HAVE TO BE IN OUR MYLLES NO PAINS &amp; SPIRITUAL WORDS, BUT THOSE WHO ARE LOOKING FOR US IN THIS PASOK &amp; ND DISTRICT Negative
I&#39;m worried very much with the certainty that AT will not be a 3rd party and will be one of those that have not been tested anywhere !! Negative
As long as there is a world in this country that votes for you and we DO NOT have a future Negative
We have and say: Kassidiaris to blame, President to fear, all the AH gathered and all the pause under the image of the Jizus. Negative
the politicians who come down for elections. The people tell us that the first people who have spoken for the situation are these. Negative
I hear posts from PASOK executives and I feel I owe them the oxygen they breathe because they developed the &quot;national strategy&quot;. Negative
Does it adopt the ban on Mr Kaklamanis self-determination? Negative
E, after Pangalos says he will vote ND, it is time to vote for GAP Negative
&quot;The NR. is the only line that has a compass target &quot; Positive
These are the reasons we keep ourselves ... Can anyone tell us if SYRIZA supports the University of Cyprus? Negative
Yakamatos: &quot;ND victory comes from the Wild West ...&quot;. Positive
Dionysios Karalis: &quot;ND is in PANIKO&quot; Negative
Dynamically with Potamis in Imathia Ilias Iosifidou - Apostolou: Ilias Iosifidou - Apostolou Born and with ... Positive
All the reserves for Tsipra and SYRIZA are published by foreign media Positive
Pangalos: I will vote Samaras in the elections to avoid SYRIZA The square brains have no choice ... Negative
Melas goes down to elections with 80% and neither his mother will vote Negative
I also bother to talk with supposedly defenders of the new, argumentative level &quot;I make you mirror&quot; .enough Negative
P. Melas returns to NW and there is no cloud right to fall. There they came down to us Negative
The fact that in Ψηφ. A biographer of Biological Eggs was included in the Criminal Code. They will need post-election Negative
Given the Tsipra article agreement with what the German media say so many days, I guess they have worked a lot PR in SYRIZA last. Negative
&quot;New Democracy is a Responsible Party&quot; LATER HEARTS WHAT YOU ARE Negative
TSIPRAS: they have not yet said that Syria will do it Negative
how is the policeman left and how he sees him right Negative
Let&#39;s make your plate in tl and come with the best of PASOK&#39;s right arguments to support the right, and you regret it Negative
Tsipras: ND is doing panic Negative
A clear victory message from the ND candidates Positive
Tzambadzis! Now let SYRIZA come up with character, folk. Negative
F. Gennimata: PASOK is one, has history and roots - [Real.gr] Positive
-I&#39;ll vote for the KKE to go against them. -11 8 80 Negative
It&#39;s like playing an international ping-pong with statements from SYRIZA and anti-statements from the lenders. Negative
Hatzidakis: SYRIZA is in a &quot;pink ... Negative
Hatzidakis: SYRIZA is in a &quot;pink ... Negative
Hatzidakis: SYRIZA is in a &quot;pink ... Negative
those with the objective values proclaimed SYRIZA by pre-election? Negative
With SYRIZA we have already been in common struggles on social and environmental issues. We were next to ... Positive
Panic in ND with the barrage of assimilation of the spirit-spirit. They are drooping up to the sock. Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA is like a fly in milk on issues of immigration, security, border protection ... Negative
In fact, the main pre-election position of the SW 12 days before the elections is the &quot;defense&quot; of orthodoxy by the Communists? Negative
Kon. HOLEVAS OF ND sends Tsipra to the Holy Examination - Jihadist delirium! Negative
The truth is that SYRIZA will get into your house and fuck your sister, mother, and daughter Negative
Samaras went on to play it progressively, forgetting that now the base of ND is fascist. Oh, and now he&#39;s picking it up ... Negative
Those who vote for PASOK are those who owe them and do not want to break up and get a franc. There&#39;s no other explanation. Negative
Mommy said: &quot;Shit of NW Jambia promotion you are doing in a cyprus interview with your psychodromps! Negative
This will do the different and we will pass the SYRIZE .. WOW Strategy Negative
Eva Kali, today at NERIT - &quot;SYRIZA speaks with ambiguous politics Negative
&quot;SYRIZA is in a&quot; pink bubble &quot;outside of European reality&quot; Negative
Another word that bestows their SYRIZA program is: Jirjantzuli Negative
St. Theodorakis: &quot;The nightmare of SYRIZA is his self-reliance&quot; Negative
The repeated, anti-Hellenistic blow of the Syrian Member Negative
Theodorakis: &quot;The nightmare of SYRIZA is his self-reliance&quot;: Stavros Theodorakis replied in his statement ... Negative
&quot;Kostas Geronikolos gave races for PASOK&quot; Positive
My SYRIZA candidate took the lighter. Of course, he never returned him. We started Negative
. ELECTIONS 2015 - &quot;SYRIZA&#39;s nightmare is his self-reliance&quot; Negative
For the rider, he has to make advertising at CAMP. if he wants to be called a subversive party Negative
Trends in the stock market even with a SYRIZA win seen by JPMorgan ... Positive
&quot;On the guns&quot; the hunters! Tsipras made no changes in SYRIZA&#39;s positions - He refused everything! Negative
and the Neo-Neo-liberal Wing of the Southwest licking the far-right wing for vicissitudes ... Negative
Samara from Ioannina: &quot;Syria is the accident that should not happen. And it will not happen!&quot; If you have a positive political speech, my child. Negative
The Samaar said that we can not get out of the crisis with those who led us to it. So SYRIZA will vote Negative
Very successful, however, that ND&#39;s tactics of dyslexia leave Alexis interviewed. Negative
St. Theodorakis: Potami as a strong third force will impose collaborations Positive
SYRIZA will come to get us women - we have no hahahaha Negative
10 reasons ... to vote SYRIZA Positive
Newsfish | Policy &quot;The only thing they have not said is that SYRIZA will get you women&quot; Negative
SYRIZA: ND uses Charlie Hebdo for her far-right parallelepiped Negative
Agritep of SYRIZA Left.gr has passed into Idiocracy levels Negative
ND: Mr. Tsipras&#39;s companions in Venezuela show what Greeks should avoid Negative
SYRIZA: Easier to find fleas in straw than seriousness in ND announcements - Dawn Online Negative
WHAT IS YOURSELF? To be fair is clopy paste of ... Negative
Hunters to Tsipra: &quot;SYRIZA is abolishing our activity&quot; Negative
ThePressProject: SYRIZA: Worse authoritarianism or the 18-year-old ballot: SYRIZA has issued a ... Negative
Mantelis: He returns money from the starter asking for favorable treatment. Do you tell Tsoukatos to come out and ask for the money from PASOK back? Negative
&#39;&#39; A GREAT REDEMPTION OF THE WORLD FOR NICE SYRIZA IN THE ELECTIONS &#39;&#39; GORGOS PANTZAS SUBMERSES Positive
Harry Klyn attack on SYRIZA - I&#39;m not a puppet of anyone Negative
ND for the &quot;eclectic affinity&quot; of Tsipras Negative
KILKIS PAIONIAS VOICE: &quot;Voting in PASOK and third place in a DEMOCRAT ... Positive
We call all Greeks from the patriotic left to the liberal right to join the ANEL Positive
The Anglerization of Southwest Greece brought the Fortsakis: Avgerinos Hatzichrysos candidate MPsViraeus Independent Greeks ... Negative
Hunters to Tsipras: SYRIZA is abolishing our activity Negative
I strolled uncomfortably and a car was passing by beside me! (You caught the implied, e?) Negative
The KKE is doing it well and it is superior Negative
PASSE ELA, KKE KNOWS 93%, 86% OF THE MEMBERS OF KE! Negative
she has to wear the beard - he is no longer center-left, like he liked to go to the crows - he did not go with the ND this fan Negative
Samaras: &quot;SYRIZA is the second round of money there&quot; Negative
So much rabies now in SW for the Tsipras bird? What the hell can not they wait until the 25th of the month? Negative
I would suggest to Kostas Simitis to do one of his own moves to prevent anyone from going to parliament Negative
Hunters: &quot;SYRIZA and his leader lead to the abolition of hunting&quot; Negative
If I went down with POTAMI, would I have a Bobby? Never Lampi Negative
THE PREGNANT CONCENTRATIONS OF ALL THE GREAT STAFF OF ND THERE ARE THESE BIGGES WHO DO NOT HELP THE HOUSE SALONOTERIES !! Negative
SCANDAL! They give state money to Potami that has never elected a deputy! Negative
.. And finally, Mr. Samara, your biggest achievement is to go Golden Dawn from 0.5% to 10% .. That&#39;s why you&#39;ll be left with history Negative
D. Koutsoumpas at MEGA: It is inconceivable that Mr. Tsipras invites the KKE to save the eurozone together Negative
Why is the Greek people wanting to live now Kutsoumpa soft. And now we want to fight. But do not you be excited? Negative
A. Samaras: &quot;SYRIZA wants to make Greek experimental animals - It&#39;s the second round of&quot; money there &quot;&quot; Negative
Message from Swedish MEP Björk: SYRIZA is a great hope for Europe ... Positive
Anagnostou: SYRIZA excluded with their attitude ... Negative
Anagnostou: SYRIZA excluded with their attitude ... Negative
Anagnostou: SYRIZA excluded with their attitude ... Negative
except the river is the waterfall (in our eyes.) Probably there will go 5% :-) Negative
DRY ?? &quot;Why does SYRIZA not say who will propose for PDs after the elections? Why is there a hidden agenda in this matter? Negative
Anagnostou: SYRIZA excluded the 18-year-old with his attitude Negative
You will eat SYRIZA that will come out of your ears ... Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA betrays unionists and those who want the drachma Negative
PASOK is like a ninth episode of any Game Of Thrones cycle. Negative
was to vote for a shortcut, but it is like voting for another four-year-old regime Negative
Samaras: With what SYRIZA says, the country will go to the bottom Negative
Insider Policies: Hunters to Tsipras: &quot;SYRIZA is abolishing our activity&quot; Negative
We can not be a ND party Negative
Vote SYRIZA my children. You did not understand what you were saving in 1945. Try the new Zachariád Negative
Can Kavadia answer how long Syria will take the country out of poverty? Why did she &quot;forgot&quot; to answer. Negative
Venizelos: Third power PASOK to have a national guarantee - Positive
ThePressProject: Lapavitsas: Surprising Supremacy SYRIZA to economists: Reply to critic ... Positive
Samaras: &quot;SYRIZA leads us to exit the euro&quot; Negative
that is what I was saying! To Commit AND KKE Government Responsibility &amp; Not To Sit In The Corner To Cry Without Result! Negative
DISGRACE. IF IT WAS IN GREECE THIS HOPS SYRIZA SHOULD VOTE ... Negative
LaPavitsas: Surprising Supremacy of SYRIZA to Economists - ThePressProject Positive
What man does for self-reliance! Bravo Lakis! Worth! More violent propaganda as long as I do not live again. Until the AH took offense. Negative
We saw her Luki the Golden Eyes only a while ago. In Alpha. In political advertising. In your break, Lukas! Negative
Hey, hey, hey! Go with Jackri, Voudouri, and Rachel who &quot;do not sit aside&quot;! And DOL! Negative
&quot;The New Zealand Guarantee for the Development of Thrace&quot; Positive
D. Vitsas in bankingnews: ND once again alarmed - Draws the zombie of fear - So it undermines the country itself Negative
decided, Lazopoulos makes propaganda over Syria or bad in Syria? You are for fragments and fallen 8,000 euros a month. Negative
Such disappointment in NW written by Mourotis and the 9/10 that he did not support him Negative
&quot;PASOK identified with the most conservative expressions of the right&quot; Negative
G. Papandreou: PASOK identified with the most conservative manifestations of the right Negative
PASOK was identified with the most conservative versions of the right-wing via Negative
Think again about SYRIZA. We will not have anyone to fool around, and the fool&#39;s Rachel is a human being. Negative
This powerpoint of PASOK was made by DDB ??? Negative
SCANDAL! They give state money to Potami that has never elected a deputy! Negative
Stephen Sackur dissolves LaPavitsa and expands SYRIZA in 25 minutes. Negative
NEWS NEWS (No1 blog of Pyrgos Ilias): The ANEL No. 1 spot on Twitter! Positive
The ANEL No. 1 spot on Twitter! Positive
. The ANEL No. 1 spot on Twitter! Positive
Giakoumatos says ND will be the first party in the elections. I WANT WITH LOW PRICES OF THOSE THAT GOES Negative
&quot;SYRIZA leads us to exit the euro&quot;: Attack against SYRIZA unleashed from Agrinio the prime minister ... Negative
TATSOPOULOS - POTAMI Help him take the other half Athens Shoot and enjoy the ... Negative
Interestingly, he said &quot;he&#39;s talking about the KKE world and other left-wing people ...&quot; Does the KKE recognize other leftists? Negative
It is worthwhile for Maxi to converse underground with ha through ballet. Negative
&quot;PASOK was identified with the most conservative expressions of the right&quot;: I did not play the country on dice, as I ... Negative
&quot;Model models prove, once again, catastrophically&quot;: Attack on SYRIZA and Alexi Chi ... Negative
sitestories.blogpsot &quot;PASOK was identified with the most conservative expressions of the right&quot;: I did not play the ... Negative
I do not know the case but ND amendment was ... they can not ask for the change ... Negative
His political end was signed by Kammenos - Tafoplakas at ANEL. - VIDEO Negative
all the former victims and all the disappointed realists will be able to use a 3% Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA will lead the country to bankruptcy Negative
THE GOLDEN EGG IS IDEA, FAITH, IDEAL! via Positive
when the syriza comes out, they will go out for a good fight track Negative
Another was slapped, and he fell and he fell into depression because SYRIZA has him in the freezer! Negative
When GAP was in the debate about the deficit, the Southwest said for 6% &amp; made spots for &quot;green&quot; parrots! That responsibility ... Negative
George tells him to be fair: Sarkozy initially supported him. He called him a mad, depressing, politician ... Negative
Wow! Very horrible today! Can I ask something; Is there life without you? Negative
After the Papandreou interview we discovered that apart from the people of Pax, on the right, the Greek PASOK is still trying to be here! Negative
Mitsotakis: Tsipras wants the KKE to rule with a neo-communist agenda Negative
Great mistake. The KKE places obstacles not only with its electoral rate Negative
ND bothers our bird ... Negative
that is, not to criticize SYRIZA not to go to the lists of gorgoniniaris, let us Negative
we will see your attitude when the SYRIZA government announces the recruitment of 100,000 IM for energy. Negative
While one revelation goes on the other side of the river FYEFORDs ... ... some living houses are threatening ... Negative
&quot;Supporting ND asks Kostas Karamanlis&quot; Of course with all five fingers you can tell him. 10 days left Negative
Reina Dourou: SYRIZA is ready to bring about the big change Positive
&quot;Do not vote for SYRIZA because it will abolish the church,&quot; says the grandmother. It&#39;s nice not to shut it down, but when the world votes. Negative
and I was a PASOK going to hell Negative
Anna-Michel, and the moles, I have not seen another one from the southwest of RT from NW B Athens. Negative
Send the river to the hell to be quiet because, as it is known, it does not turn back. Not like the GOP Negative
they talk so much about reforms in the Southwest that at the end they will believe it and they themselves do it .... Negative
STORLETIS: The people will give SYRIZA a clear and powerful command Positive
In a double trap of poverty and debt, 1/3 of Greeks ... and you have the ND to remind you that in Venezuela they shop twice a week Negative
what does the river have? it was learned that ... in this country and the yufti Negative
Scullete: &quot;SYRIZA will get a clean command&quot; Positive
AvantiPopolo: Reero Duro: SYRIZA is ready to bring the big change via Positive
Reina Dourou: SYRIZA is ready to bring about the big change Positive
Vertigo in SW The confusion of strategy and the passage from terrorism to the invocation of orthodoxy Negative
Let the ND take the glass to Robert Williams or Paschalis ... Negative
Fokion Fountoukidis: &quot;Potami as a strong third force will impose on the old political system ... via Positive
Maria Spyraki, who today laziples Lazopoulos, is a ND spokesman or a tele-critic? Negative
THE MANIFESTO OF ND - THE KARAMANLIS SKANDALA! - via Negative
I will vote for the euro because I do not have, but I have 10000 drachmas I have kept to remember ... Negative
The corfu river and its sms have swarmed us Negative
Did anyone doubt that the pre-election KKE would say what others are wrong with, and do not even talk about what is right? Negative
They have completely escaped to AD. - Spyrakis attacks Lazopoulos Negative
Koukoulopoulos: &quot;PASOK is part of the solution and guarantor of progressive stability&quot; Positive
Lazopoulos &#39;&#39; KKE GOLDEN GAMES &#39;&#39; Negative
&quot;Nonsense&quot; featured SYRIZA&#39;s request for Samaras to cut debt in the presence of Rahoy ... And then our ... Negative
M. Varvitsiotis: SYRIZA&#39;s &quot;European Program&quot; is a new Memorandum Negative
Nikos Pappas: Collaboration? But the River was identified with the Samaras ... Negative
please tell us straight away also on a print screen: If SYRIZA comes out, the supermarkets are guarded by the army. Negative
Samaras: SYRIZA leads the country to exit the euro Negative
Hatzidakis: The dangerous thing is that SYRIZA means what he says Negative
Sharpening ... knives in NW - A.Samaras&#39; political investment in scandalism crashes in elections Negative
We dry it out. SYRIZA is afraid, that&#39;s why it will eliminate hunting .... in general! Negative
Dora Bakoyannis: &quot;The ND is the only line that has a compass and goal &quot; Positive
FIXED Coma &quot;And there are people who consider the River Party ...&quot; Negative
Nikos Pappas: Collaboration? But the River was identified with the Samaras ... Negative
&quot;The great power is the third&quot; - The River. Change them all without destroying the country. Your Stream River! Positive
Syria will come and take the banks Negative
And we will pay them with joy! &quot;Aglaia Kyritsi: They will all be recruited to ERT with SYRIZA Negative
&quot;DOUROS: SYRIZA will bring fresh air to Greece&quot; The zeiberk of the freshness is only danced by sour leftists. Negative
Do you call? &quot;PASOK is and will remain the backbone of the center left&quot; Negative
: No shame ... A PASOK cluster has visited Okaana today ... Negative
Samaras: &quot;SYRIZA is an accident that should not happen&quot; Negative
If you look at the photos that are being taken by the ND candidates you understand very well why they did not want to vote for 100,000 18ths Negative
Let us know if there are any other politicians like the so-called &quot;fools&quot; who disagree with polite citizens. Negative
the essential opposition is made on my friendship road. Where SYRIZA is absent. Negative
Dora Bakoyannis: &quot;The ND is the only line that has a compass and goal &quot; Positive
Playing SYRIZA since I was racing PASOK before it&#39;s like the bust with the chicks next to her who fucks and fucks him Negative
&quot;ANEL will be a powerful force in the House&quot; Positive
SYRIZA self-terminating ends the interweaving Positive
SCANDAL! They give state money to Potami that has never elected a deputy! Negative
will she cut SYRIZA her hand with the helmet she has for tattoos? Negative
&quot;Spyrakis for Lazopoulos: The propagandist of SYRIZA&#39;s positions exceeded every limit of vulgarity&quot; XAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXAXA Negative
In Newspaper&#39;s Newspaper, Samara says &quot;I guarantee&quot; what does he mean? is he mortgaging his personal property? or just say no ... for the time to pass Negative
Trolleys -&gt; &quot;Nationalization of cabotage has just been announced by SYRIZA Negative
The KKE responds to Tsipra &quot;a worker can go without a pet&quot; Negative
-I&#39;ll vote SYRIZA because I do not want to go out again. -Tzakris, Katselis, Kourouplis, Voudouris, Parastatides to continue? -... Negative
I&#39;ll be there too !!! CURRENT KKE Guarantee for the people! Positive
Socialism ρεRΤ Ρε, with the jacket in the Dawn? And I wait for SYRIZA to get oil in the radiator? Negative
Daikoudis: In SYRIZA they put the ego in front of us Negative
PASOK FROM THE REAR DOOR TO YOUR HOLE Negative
With SYRIZA government will become vouchers in public places; Negative
Anagnostou: In SYRIZA they are more irrelevant and much more dangerous than we thought: Arrivals against SYRIZA threw ... Negative
SW: SYRIZA will quadruple the tax on middle-class properties Negative
I do not want the KKE now that the interview started. That&#39;s why Mourous is there. Rest the Left a little. Negative
what herbs were collected in the syringe Negative
Please tell a few of the members of the New Democracy party why they have cut off the pensions of the homosexual grandparents Negative
President will you put me in the House if I vote SYRIZA? Negative
How much% PASOK do you burn? Negative
The 30% of the undecided people say they do not vote ANEL because it is going to be out of the question! 30% of the undecided are victims of media propaganda Negative
SYRIZA and the &quot;objective&quot; evaluation of civil servants - 902.gr Negative
In the interviews, the very good child, whom ND in the next elections will descend with Arnautoglou, seems the same. Negative
Well, let&#39;s understand and understand: on some issues, SYRIZA has positions, Tsipras did NOT know. This. Negative
Venizelos: PASOK&#39;s guarantor of stability Positive
&quot;The first power is the river in Chania,&quot; said Stavros speaking in a room with many empty seats. Negative
I already see the next one with a photo of a candidate with SYRIZA and hashtag Negative
KIM JONG OUR OLE OLE OLE ETSI WILL THE SYRIZA MAKE US Negative
I see some write that SYRIZA has entered the field of social democracy. Logically in the last few months they would be in a coma Negative
I see TV spots in ND and I feel they are addressed to IQ people Adonis Georgiadis Negative
Half of the party lost within 2 years, and ANEL ended their eternal memory Negative
SYRIZA Larissa: Potamis is cloudy and drops ... sludge Negative
He convinced me, I will vote for the KKE Negative
Moraṁtis (&quot;The country broke up in 2011.&quot; Sit down to see ... as the one who put the dynamite ... Negative
If SYRIZA comes out, the fish in the Aegean and the birds at the FIR of Greece will die! Negative
THE SYRIZA SHOULD BE BREED WITH YOU VENIZELOS: Through Negative
Liatsos states that SYRIZA will surely be the winner of the elections. Go to ERT with such a lullaby Negative
&#39;Hell&#39; on the backs of property owners! SYRIZA&#39;s announcements on taxes and ENFA reporternewsgr Negative
I like the representative of ANEL in the alpha panel. It has a political speech, strong presence, open arguments and non-existent orgasms Negative
we all are PASOK, only Nina is fighting SYRIZA Negative
CHALLENGE: A ND candidate is referred to a felony while being forbidden to leave the country! Negative
Syriacic mentality with old-world roots, that is, whoever is not syriza is Samaras. Negative
Without seeing it, I thought the new ND snake with my family and I say, how many times! but it was finally Beka. Negative
Permanently. The great shame of the Communist Party of Greece (KKE) is to have in its ranks the initials. Hellene at least (and I know what I&#39;m saying) Negative
Answer SY.RIZA Aitoloakarnania in the &quot;swan song&quot; of Samaras Negative
BriefNews: Koutsoubas: We will not become cherry in the anti-oil cake of SYRIZA Negative
And all the while I thought the ND spot was the worst I&#39;ve ever seen ... Kammen decided to refute me Negative
Koutsoubas: We will not become cherry on SYRIZA&#39;s anti-oil cake Negative
Stamatis: Unrelated and unscrupulous to SYRIZA | Negative
If you vote SYRIZA -&gt; Big asteroid that will pass &quot;scratch&quot; from Earth on January 26 ... will destroy Greece ... Negative
ND is lost and looks Negative
After 25 years of sailing and a 5-year-long crisis, the wise people ended up with Samara and Tsipra, having fired a Nazi in the middle Negative
the good thing is that when the wheat comes, there will be no gas burners due to argentinization. So? or maybe not; Negative
P. Burned: They turned the SW into a bearded rag with convex crosses Negative
Right, the other I meant saying &quot;those who say I&#39;m going to SW are psychopaths and they get drugs&quot; or something like that :) Negative
Koutsoubas: We will not become cherry on SYRIZA&#39;s anti-oil cake Negative
Do we want a Greece with politicians like Mr Fonti of SYRIZA to justify gas boats to &quot;provocative&quot; like him? Negative
To separate state-church, homosexual marriage and adoption, Syria is on the right of Obama. MT Even Obama remained liberal on Negative
The movie I wanted to see has only one projection, which falls on a lesson with absences Negative
Spoach and vitamins to survive the ten days that comes. Negative
RT Dosage and vitamins to survive the ten days of coming. Negative
to see all the movies I want in the only solution is the zigzagging. Negative
RT  Leos Carax's Holy Motors, open to interpretation &amp; possibly the strangest film of year    Negative
holy crap  Holy Motors (2012) Negative
A fortune I will give back to the bourgeois. Negative
53th Thessaloniki Film Festival from tomorrow. The first to lose after 14 years. Unless... Negative
It was not a festival without rain! So the lightning falls, to make us happy. Umbrellas, walking in the harbor &amp; salep! Let&#39;s go Negative
third year to go to Thessaloniki during the film festival days and I will not see any movie Negative
RT Here he fights with sim &amp; mobile &amp; grinning for his bulls on Negative
Oh, from tomorrow to see a movie you have to eat in the nuts of a lot of hipsters! Negative
Fog, rain and cold ... It smells Negative
It starts tomorrow at the Thessaloniki Film Festival and I am sorry that after 11 years I will not be there :( Negative
RT Fog, rain and cold ... It smells Negative
Now that I&#39;m getting what a good volunteer I&#39;m going to put on my desk to go to sleep with an hour&#39;s sleep? Negative
With so many movies and so much jogging that we&#39;re going to take this year, we see falling into coca. Negative
RT With so many movies and so much jogging that we will be throwing this year we see falling into the coke. Negative
RT So what do I do about Salonika days ... Negative
Uf I headed with so many movies Negative
Tuesday and Wednesday, no OSE route will take place. I just learned it and changed my ticket for Thursday ... Negative
Always the Festival with a single number, they did not want me ... Let&#39;s hope the OSE problem is the last ... Negative
I want to see how many worldly ladies of Thessaloniki will be able to withstand the first 10th of Holy Motors or run squid at the opening party Negative
RT I want to see how many worldly ladies of Thessaloniki will be able to withstand the first 10th of Holy Motors or run into the parties at the party ... Negative
RT I want to see how many worldly ladies of Thessaloniki will be able to withstand the first 10th of Holy Motors or run into the parties at the party ... Negative
making a program for the festival! children, is there something happy or then I&#39;m going to fall into psychopaths to get out of depression? Negative
48 hour strike to coincide with  I remember one such strike where riot police filled theaters with tear gas  Negative
 the start was simply poor &amp; cheap. sorry guyz but its the truth. Negative
Kylie is also tame ... Negative
Blind to have the lacy Holy Motors (2012), Negative
Anyone who succeeds in making movies like Holy Motors and making money pulls out the hat! : D: P Negative
The most bizarre opening film at 53 festivals. Of special interest. So he had nothing to say to our common mortals! Negative
We also went on to lead Kiliy Mingog in a film launching film festival, &quot;Holy Motors&quot;. Reasonable. Negative
RT The most bizarre opening film at 53 festivals. Of special interest. So he had nothing to say to us the common deaths ... Negative
 ★★☆☆☆ "Holy Motors" The film had a bright idea behind the lens but didn't win the race -the output was not there. Negative
Finnish cinema film, in the first 5 minutes the protagonist from a random incident cuts his veins, as if Negative
★★ ☆ ☆☆ &quot;30-40-50&quot; The 1st part of the 3 was good. The rest 2 no. Negative
from the short length films, we learned today that Dimitra Doumeni played something between Kalisi and Katini. Oh, yes, and she grew up Negative
Holy Motors: V  2 of Carax's producers suicided. No wonder. Also, Eva Mendes was positively mesmerized by that horny ghoul  Negative
Festive start for the 53rd Thessaloniki Festival via Negative
Ultimately, 3-4 movies only in time there is neither money :( Negative
And Spongebob&#39;s Bob woke up to come to cut tickets at Negative
RT And Bob Spongebob woke up to come to cut tickets at Negative
a bougainta with tapes Negative
basically a bunch of stripes that have been exhausted Negative
RT bottany with tapes Negative
I am constantly harassing the implementation of Hope you have not missed my terrible programming Negative
Well, the Ship for Palestine, black mud. Cancel your reservations NOW! (sorry ε_ Negative
Needless to tell you that at the opening ceremony I was sitting behind Bilios, which at some stage was bored and played with her curls Negative
The Land of Hope has so muddy and flushed plan that could play in Japan&#39;s ANT1. 3 * / 5 Negative
The Land of Hope: Tired, big and under the standards we are accustomed to Snoo. I only keep choreography 2 * / 5 Negative
It&#39;s a shame, Sion Sino, we&#39;ve been doing you hype, you have not even shaken us. Only fine-tuned radioactive paralysis Negative
When Sion Soon turned the &quot;dreams&quot; of the torsos he made a sappy sopper with a bad playful 1/5 Negative
The Land of Hope (2012) Tedious, boring with ... comic moments. Negative
According to his translator who worked at Sionon, the vampires are killed with a &#39;bet&#39; in the heart. Negative
The most tragic thing is that the stake = bet on subtitles was repeated CONTINUED while the screen was filled with passes ... Negative
Very mediocre jessie with good 2/5 Negative
★★ ☆ ☆☆ &quot;Like in a Dream&quot; The Portuguese managed to create a nice and boring job with beautiful pictures and good ideas Negative
So much hype I did for the Holy Teddy and eventually I came to the lotus Negative
I would go to the other I do not know to put stars Negative
The children of war: nice kids, I do not say, but if I remember this movie in a week I will be a great success 3 * / 5 Negative
My feeler in this festival was found by the strikes; Negative
Beyond the hill 2 * / 5 the guilty for the bumper are ... over the hill Negative
RT The Land of Hope has such a hazy and flushed shot that could play in ANT1 of Japan. 3 * / 5 Negative
★★★ ☆☆ &quot;In the deep&quot; Good performance of the protagonist but boring overall. Negative
Museum Hours: half a Vienna travel guide and half a museum tour, without any of the 2 good 1.5 * / 5 Negative
★★ ☆☆☆ The seagull played better than the protagonist. Credits sound like Sigur Ros, as in any Icelandic film anyway Negative
★★★ ☆☆ If you want to make a suggestion to your good grateful of a white cock after the end of the film. Preferably fake Negative
★★★ ☆☆ If you want to make a suggestion to your good grateful of a white cock after the end of the film. Preferably fake Negative
RT Museum Hours: half a Vienna travel guide and half a tour of a museum without working any of 2 good 1 ... Negative
a non-film for the plastic arts sweet &amp; abstract but tricky 3/5 Negative
½ ☆☆☆☆ &quot;The Rebellion of Red Maria&quot; See half to laugh! Ug Negative
Greek cinema dies every morning in the journalistic screenings of the Thessaloniki Festival. Negative
B. Ghobadi: "I decided to leave Iran bc I was scared for my life there. I couldn't show my work to my people."   Negative
Original DimitrisDX: Reviews Feed: Capital (Le Capital) (2 * / 5): The banks are the devil. And the ... Negative
Reviews Feed: Capital (Le Capital) (2 * / 5): The banks are the devil. And people who manage them ... Negative
Not scared anymore RT  Ghobadi: "I decided to leave Iran bc I was scared for my life"   Negative
RT  Not scared anymore RT  Ghobadi: "I decided to leave Iran bc I was scared for my life"   ... Negative
RT  Ghobadi: "Cinema is like a hospital for me. I'm sure that I can help my country and my people better from abroad"  Negative
RT  Bahman Ghobadi "The Iranian regime invaded my country, optimistic now's the time for change, in next 1-2 yrs"    ... Negative
If you&#39;ve ever wondered what type of chips the chips play, The Boy 1 * Negative
&quot;If you ever wondered what type of chips the chips play, The Boy 1 *&quot; fyi turned it Negative
go &quot;the stone of patience&quot; :( Negative
All the films I want to see are sold out. Lucky cinepark holders. Negative
Parviz, you&#39;re a big kid. 50-year-old loser misses his shot and breaks out criminally in his most feel-bad oversaturated movie Negative
I have never seen THIS SAME color in movie. It&#39;s a bad cinematic. K respectively such a miserable disliked protagonist Negative
Aman with the sold out! Did Bellucci play and everyone was running? Negative
RT Aman with the sold out! Did Bellucci play and everyone was running? Negative
Just the wind 3 * / 5 is so close that it makes you feel even more uncomfortable with the subject. Negative
screw culture I'll just watch SPEC and not a heartbreaking japanese film  Negative
We had a door from Karabazzo, I am in the queue for Rhinoero that we will be a door once and I will not wait for the others, you understand? Negative
carpets carpets carpets black carpets. 0/5 Negative
No and no Moon panadol and paper towels. Negative
RT  Bahman Ghobadi "The Iranian regime invaded my country, optimistic now's the time for change, in next 1-2 yrs"    ... Negative
RT Just the wind 3 * / 5 is so close that it makes you feel even more uncomfortable about it. Negative
Tabu: Another Artist found us this year. gorgeous but without having anything to say (not only because it is mute) 2 * Negative
RT Tabu: Another Artist found us this year. gorgeous but without having anything to say (not only because it is mute) 2 * Negative
Cristian Moutziou: Lack of education leads to indifference - Negative
All right, how envy you are in is not called Negative
you&#39;re crazy about those who&#39;ve been tearing up the wads on I&#39;ll get you a subscription to National Jeographic to get out. (and many years in Negative
Tomorrow, tomorrow, the Romans saved the mood :) Negative
neither in the six feet under such a deadly year in and not the other, but the movie was called Living Negative
I was expecting a more tearful, terrible 15-year-old protagonist, somewhere in the corner of narrative 3/5 Negative
Get the 3 tapes I&#39;ve ever seen! And only the running I&#39;ve done today is enough to say I&#39;m tired! Good night! We continue tomorrow Negative
Travel to hell Negative
festival over-dose with  !   Negative
to become picturesque. the Icelandic &#39;in the deep&#39; for so far: p Negative
Keyhole: Faux-grand guignol, indescribable dialogue, bad acting, naked &amp; chained Udo Kier, Isabella Rossellini. Stuff of nightmares  Negative
Inside: Strong lead perf, detestable &amp; self-loathing middle-aged schemer in a Dostoyevsky adaptation. Harder to watch than recommend  Negative
So Far: sharpened old-wig travels from the future to today&#39;s bullshit, flies flies, hears hiphop Negative
Such movies are engraved without him or her Negative
I do not see them with food photos from her guests about it and I&#39;m worried. you will soon tell us that we are not an erotic city Negative
Unlike the Greek-Turkish production, &quot;Beyond the Hill&quot;, which I saw yesterday. Moderate ... Negative
Despite the credible efforts, with constant updating, the application continues to crash, unjustifiably ... Negative
RT Despite the credible efforts, with constant updating, the application continues to crash, unjustifiably ... Negative
No, jeez, bad! &quot;Le Capital&quot;. Poor banks, average Gavras, at the premiere of the 53rd Thessaloniki Festival. Negative
RT Not, jez, bad! &quot;Le Capital&quot;. Poor banks, average Gavras, at the premiere of the 53rd Thessaloniki Festival. ... Negative
Living 4 * / 5 if you endure at 1 o&#39;clock, you need an even stronger stomach for the shocks of the rest of your life Negative
★★ ½ ☆☆ &quot;Our Little Differences&quot; Simple story with typical Germans and typical immigrants. Nothing great, a lot of stereotypes. Negative
Dead Man&#39;s Burden: Justice always defeats the end or very bad for nothing! At least we saw some wild west landscapes! 1/5 Negative
I came to see the &quot;ship from Palestine&quot; but I see the parody of the film, I SAVE. Negative
a Jewish film can be made like a Turkish martial arts Negative
Pick-up the bag, madam mermaid, here we are seeing a movie! Negative
After a failed film &quot;The Last Time I&#39;ve seen Macau&quot; a crash for closing ... Negative
The complete failure of his masterpiece to remind and ambition tried more than he had to Negative
review: Parviz - Saplings, rotten tits, rotten soul ... Negative
with many who have died and are making mistakes or commenting on the fall of Serbia&#39;s morals? Very good interpretations but no meaning 2/5 Negative
RT Baggy-bag the bag, madam mermaid, here we see the band! Negative
★★★ ☆☆ &quot;Rhino Season&quot; Very good photo &amp; story but the mummy is popping and rhinoceros Negative
If you have a teenage girl in Greece, NEVER go to Serbia. In Genre &amp; Vissis cover the same movie. OIME! : p Negative
you want to say &quot;what do you know today&quot; and speak literally Negative
I wonder how many others felt that Macau lost their night Negative
the most distracting applause I&#39;ve ever heard in a festival hall Negative
does he play anything safe for tomorrow because I will not stand another disappointment in the movie choices? Negative
after these measures there is no crazy mood for festivals.time to make our own film and go out on the streets Negative
The ship for Palestine has a great deal of talk but I will be laconic. Do not see it Negative
Get up 8:30 for the lesson and the teacher to strike! Written hours !! Oh, I was angry! I&#39;m going to take my tickets Negative
So much hassle to get out of strikes and you postpone my screening? House ... Negative
&quot;It will be a great disaster&quot;: Kostas Gavras condemns the gold mines in Negative
MT &quot;It will be a great disaster&quot; K Gavras condemns the gold mines Negative
RT MT &quot;It will be a great disaster&quot; K Gavras condemns the gold mines ... Negative
RT &quot;It will be a great disaster&quot;: Kostas Gavras by condemning gold mines in ht ... Negative
RT &quot;It will be a great disaster&quot;: Kostas Gavras by condemning gold mines in ht ... Negative
RT &quot;It will be a great disaster&quot;: Kostas Gavras by condemning gold mines in ht ... Negative
RT &quot;It will be a great disaster&quot;: Kostas Gavras by condemning gold mines in ht ... Negative
RT &quot;It will be a great disaster&quot;: Kostas Gavras by condemning gold mines in ht ... Negative
RT &quot;It will be a great disaster&quot;: Kostas Gavras by condemning gold mines in ht ... Negative
The Kaurismaki, Zappas-Shamriz and Mungiu press conferences will be tomorrow 7/11 starting at 11:00 - we were unfairly running today :( Negative
RT The Kaurismaki, Zappas-Shamriz and Mungiu press conferences will be held tomorrow 7/11 starting at 11:00 - unfairly ... Negative
RT MT &quot;It will be a great disaster&quot; K Gavras condemns the gold mines ... Negative
I want to have an afternoon movie and go to Warehouse 3 for coffee and do not follow. aaaaaa Negative
surreal black comedies for Bulgaria&#39;s &quot;stadium&quot; with unparalleled scenario &amp; lukewarm interpretations 2/5 Negative
By contrast, The Boyta, The Boy (Alexandros Voulgaris), over the very beautiful Soundtrack, I can not say that he won me ... Negative
The disappointment is &quot;Loveless Zoritsa&quot;. Why would such films be shown at the festival? America in all its grandeur. Negative
Also, go to see The Capsule, it&#39;s an ideal opportunity for a 35-minute sleep! Negative
★ ½ ☆☆☆ &quot;The student&quot; Very slow to play at siesta time. In Greek: ΥΠΝΟΣ! Negative
Episode screening, completed smoothly, in a movie, with good ideas but moderate performance ... Negative
Life is a circle and &#39;Tradition&#39; is a boring movie! 1.5 / 5 Negative
Betrayal ... What I feel from this moment Negative
Sneaky characters, shy plot, 2 hours of courageous erotic square for a thrilling shave scene of 1.5 * Negative
Group breaks from Dabour! Children not seen ... laughter !! Negative
At the 40 &#39;of Tabor I simply resigned. I apologize for the rest of the order I woke up to leave Negative
I&#39;ve been filming for the first time in the first half of the movie !! Tabor with love 0/5! Yes this year we went to potato-sodas Negative
Sigara Timoiannaki &quot;At the 40th of Tambour I simply resigned. I apologize for the rest of the order I woke up to leave Negative
RT Sneaky Characters, Comedy Story, 2 Hours Curious Erotic Square for a Shocking Shave Scene ... Negative
★★ ☆ ☆☆ &quot;One month in Thailand&quot; I would be happier if it were in the short films category. Negative
where do you take the children ... How much worse will this festival become? 0/5 Negative
It&#39;s out there. Be careful. You may suffer ... &quot;Higuita&quot;! Negative
RT It&#39;s out there. Be careful. You may suffer ... &quot;Higuita&quot;! Negative
I want to knock on Muchla. It is unbearably slow without anything being done. 2 * / 5 Negative
Civil War - Immigrants - Religion - Racism It is trying to say a lot and, unfortunately, loses it. Pity... Negative
★ ☆☆☆☆ &quot;Dead Europe&quot; Varyydopi tangle with plaque and allegorical characters. Rich production. Negative
Dead Europe: At least 5 spectators in front of me voted &quot;very bad&quot;. I felt better. Harami and the very good interpretations Negative
RT ★ ☆☆☆☆ &quot;Dead Europe&quot; Varyvdipi tangle with plaque and allegorical characters. Rich production. Negative
RT Civil War - Immigrants - Religion - Racism It tries to say a lot &amp; sadly, loses it. Kr ... Negative
Dead Europe at. The scenario must be written by Papaciatis with a pseudonym Negative
½ ☆☆☆☆ &quot;Dead Europe&quot; A puzzling pseudo-realist, self-serving and cliché. Negative
Papakiatis directs the Sixth Sense of Beating and Jews. Dead Europe Negative
the next time I score as you want, stupid Negative
★★ ☆ ☆☆ One month in Thailand, Paul Negoescu is the epeksigis of the skinheta tin katalava kalutera, alla fanera kati tis eleipe! Negative
to get sick in the big shit Negative
I wonder why he changed the app of his next Festival. Law: That&#39;s what you do not tease. Who is now returning all the movies? Negative
Very &quot;Family Stories&quot; this &quot;Everybody in our Family&quot;. Well done but indifferent. Negative
Tabur (2012) The worst film of the festival so far. Endless scenes without dialogue with supposed symbolism. Negative
RT Tabour (2012) The worst film of the festival so far. Endless scenes without dialogue with supposed symbolism. Negative
53rd Thessaloniki Festival: Fortunately &quot;Kame Koummando&quot; does not do anything! Negative
RT 53o Thessaloniki Festival: Fortunately, &quot;Kame Koummando&quot; does not do anything! Negative
review: Kame Koummando, all the coffee and trembling. (before you go, do not go and read) Negative
What does the poet mean to say; Negative
 Neaniko Plano Subtitles employees oppose to the austerity measures   Negative
Someone is an adult night diaper in Amalia Moutousi Negative
Every shot of Moutousa over the paranoid and creepy affection has a third reading as &#39;I am surrounded by unapologetic&#39; Negative
RT   Neaniko Plano Subtitles employees oppose to the austerity measures   Negative
RT   Neaniko Plano Subtitles employees oppose to the austerity measures   Negative
Director: Amalia Moutousis is not here, with the actors of the film. Viewer: Only on Lagarde list. View &quot;Hara,&quot; Olympion Negative
★ ½ ☆☆☆ &quot;The Capsule&quot; Devotion as far as it does not go ... Fortunately short. Negative
★★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Negative
½ ☆☆☆☆ De Jueves à Domingo Dominga Sotomayor viso miso mono kai mono giati grapsan to onoma tous! Negative
½ ☆☆☆☆ &quot;Higuita&quot; Anisixo an tha teliosi pote !!!!!!!? Negative
½ ☆☆☆☆ &quot;Haggita&quot; The score is for the first 30 &#39;of the film, then I left. Negative
★ ☆☆☆☆ &quot;Haggita&quot; The score is for the first 30 &#39;of the film, then I left. Negative
Inside (2012) The movie just did not exist. Zero scenario, zero act, zero interest. Negative
Inside ... The Bucket? P RT Inside (2012) The movie just did not exist. Zero scenario, zero act, zero interest. Negative
Today I saw &quot;Made in As&quot; big stupidity! Of course something he wanted to say but so he did say it better not to say it 0/5 by me! Negative
RT   Neaniko Plano Subtitles employees oppose to the austerity measures   Negative
RT Today I saw &quot;Made in As&quot; big stupidity! Of course, something he wanted to say but so he said it better not to ... Negative
haggita = like Chinese torture. Negative
I&#39;ll scare you &quot;The Capsule 4.5 * / 5 even if it was not a movie but video art, it was a beautiful artwork ... Negative
Kapsika Mizanli &quot;The Capsule&quot; Negative
RT hook = like Chinese torture. Negative
Fact of the matter: there isn't a single fiction film made about the crisis yet. Gatliff's Indignados also treated it exploitatively  Negative
Fact of the matter: there isn't a single fiction film made about the crisis yet. Gatlif's Indignados also treated it exploitatively  Negative
RT  Fact of the matter: there isn't a single fiction film made about the crisis yet. Gatlif's Indignados also treated it exploi ... Negative
to be a cow is rummaging around in Ankara &amp; the pussy 0/5 Negative
RT  Fact of the matter: there isn't a single fiction film made about the crisis yet. Gatlif's Indignados also treated it exploi ... Negative
RT Inside (2012) The movie just did not exist. Zero scenario, zero act, zero interest. Negative
Most of all I&#39;m hurt because you made me see a BAD Turkish film, it is the demotivating and self :( Negative
In the bedroom | Tomas Vasilevski not a fan of the Polish. Difficult human relations but let&#39;s go a bit further 2.5 * / 5 Negative
what Greek directors advertise their films rejected as &quot;forbidden&quot; Negative
RT In the bedroom | Tomas Vasilevsky not a fan of the Polish. The human relations are difficult but let&#39;s go a little further ... Negative
review: Higuita. self-indulgent smirk and other bruises Negative
Damianakis: &quot;I had an incredible company and suddenly we were left alone, we hear the air nature, etc.&quot; Hmmmm Negative
½ ☆☆☆☆ &quot;Kame Koummando&quot; An elderly armed man wanders around in the cliffs and tells how many times he is. Delirium without even plaque Negative
RT review: Higuita. self-indulgent smirk and other bruises Negative
Damianakis: &quot;He&#39;s always guiding us. We live hard times, so I put on a female voice&quot; again a hmm Negative
Damianakis on stage with a dog: &quot;allow me not to explain.&quot; In a couple of days you may get a message from the scene &quot;Hmmmm Negative
RT ½ ☆☆☆☆ &quot;Kame Koummando&quot; An elderly armed man wandering around in the cliffs and telling wherever he is. Deliverance without the ... Negative
What good I did not see RT Damianakis for a dog scene: &quot;In a couple of days you may get a message from the scene&quot; Hmmmm Negative
RT review: Higuita. self-indulgent smirk and other bruises Negative
Ah, the first boyfriend the boy can offer as many moments as hell! Negative
in a bedroom or very bad for nothing. At least &quot;we&quot; have &quot;laid eyes&quot; on us ... Negative
At Nur, the real protagonist was the rally truck. On the other hand very mediocre film, I do not recommend 2/5 * Negative
I discovered the worst joke from Unexpected Passion. You listen, The Stranger, an Ancient in modern Athens. Negative
In an ideal world would be a cult crossover movie that Stranger meets and battles with Kame Koummando Negative
RT In an ideal world would be a cult crossover movie that Stranger meets and battles with Kame Koummando Negative
exquisite filmmaking, excellent performance, yuou arch without purpose. Negative
however, in the Q &amp; A of The Capsule, I wanted to ask &quot;why?&quot;. Negative
Unbeatable and much lower than expected the new kiarostomi 2.5 / 5 Negative
A malignant achtermach at 1.5 / 5 Negative
A malignant achtermach at 1.5 / 5 Negative
With bother and suffering I saw the kad svane dan and I loved it a lot Negative
To fly with the crane (2012) The film was about going to go ... A non-existent scenario, a zero plot and a slow rhythm. Negative
And, unfortunately, the days that they wish never to reach, but this is the end of We do not fall but we will enjoy it till Sunday! Negative
RT And unfortunately the days are coming that they wish never to reach ... this end of We do not fall but we will be ... Negative
RT And unfortunately the days are coming that they wish never to reach ... this end of We do not fall but we will be ... Negative
The lantern for pedestrians outside his warehouses turns green only for Chuck Norris Negative
RT The pedestrian lantern outside his warehouses becomes green only for Chuck Norris Negative
RT The pedestrian lantern outside his warehouses becomes green only for Chuck Norris Negative
RT The pedestrian lantern outside his warehouses becomes green only for Chuck Norris Negative
RT The pedestrian lantern outside his warehouses becomes green only for Chuck Norris Negative
I wear a wig Chuck always there RT The pedestrian lantern outside his warehouses turns green only for Chuck Norris Negative
I blew my films to the worst of everyday misery without script (Japan-Mexico-Congo-Beijing) Negative
As an old (bad) Thessaloniki Festival! Negative
RT has fallen out of the movies in the depression of the misery of everyday life without script (Japan-Mexico-Congo ... Negative
Koita mama without a script !!! Negative
I know why all this happened to me this year @ I dared and I said I did not like the way Negative
Honestly after this year I should have to see what blockades I have seen in my whole life to meet !!! Negative
RT The pedestrian lantern outside his warehouses becomes green only for Chuck Norris Negative
girl crying out of the glass ticket store &quot;I&#39;ve been waiting all week for these two Saturday&#39;s shows and it&#39;s sold out&quot; Negative
RT guys cry out of the glass ticket store &quot;I&#39;ve been waiting all week for these two Saturday&#39;s screenings ... Negative
from now on we will not say &quot;slower than death&quot; but &quot;slower than Sudoeste&quot; Negative
Southwest: slower than Bella Tara really, we hoped at least because of a title to have some move Negative
Neighboring Sounds 2 * / 5 this Brazilian &quot;slice&quot; of brazen material had a downfall, but I prefer to die rather than to rewind it Negative
We hear complains about &#39;Journey to Kythira&#39; for their snorting Greek directors who do not come to pretend movies Negative
Lol that Tonia &#39;Bond Girl&#39; Sotiropoulou makes name drop Skyfall in her introduction to Berberian Negative
RT Lol that Tonia &#39;Bond Girl&#39; Sotiropoulou drops name Skyfall on her introduction to Berberian Negative
Still I did not step on my leg and we left for festivals. The shit we did not find a ticket for &quot;behind the hills&quot;. Negative
The director of BerberianSoundStudio sent us a message: If we sleep is OK. He does not know why he made a movie, nor has anything to say Negative
RT The director of BerberianSoundStudio sent us a message: If we sleep is OK. He does not know why he made a movie, nor ... Negative
If I sat at the entrance of my apartment building and waited for the ones who were bumping I would spend better! Mercy! Negative
Eventually I was not meant to see any Dresden film. The writer was about &#39;&#39; Cloud 9 &#39;&#39;. Negative
I&#39;ll pass Seidl alone. Traitors. &quot;Paradise: Faith&quot; Negative
★★ ☆ ☆☆ &quot;Beyond the Hills&quot; Very slow ... Negative
I was exhausted The boy is eating the bird&#39;s food (2012), Negative
Finding a man to stay until the end of Southwest (without sleep) to find out Negative
I alone spent it myself, and in the end I was kneeling. Negative
Other bets and stakes, the translations of the Youth Plan need work. I miss the Storyteller season Negative
See today at 19:30 Loznitsa Fog Person only if you are not sleeping. His slower movie maybe (&quot;good, but&quot;) Negative
We miss the post-festival views, especially now that everything has been exhausted (drag &amp; drop friends here) Negative
All of you who booked your tickets and I did not even find one to know you I hate. Negative
And finally, I wish good courage to those who have chosen to see Tony Kravitz ... Negative
RT All of you who booked tickets and I did not even find one to know you I hate. Negative
But the film&#39;s hero was called Brooke. Brooke! Like Ritz&#39;s chick, for God&#39;s sake. Negative
RT All of you who booked tickets and I did not even find one to know you I hate. Negative
Protest of the Pan-Hellenic Cinema Critics Association: As an old (bad) Thessaloniki Festival, No 2! Negative
EPIC letter: As an old (bad) Thessaloniki Festival, No 2 | News - Negative
very much he wanted to be lost but instead he was sleeping. then good intentions 2/5 Negative
Disappointing the first half of Drama&#39;s &quot;award-winning&quot; shorts. Only he saved it Negative
It is no regret that his public voted for Papadopoulos &amp; sons for a better Greek film. Negative
RT Is not it regrettable that his public voted for a better Greek film Papadopoulos &amp; sons? Negative
RT Is not it regrettable that his public voted for a better Greek film Papadopoulos &amp; sons? Negative
Greek film award-Mihalis Kakogiannis Papadopoulos and sons (is being hosted) Negative
Greek film farewell: the boy eats the bird&#39;s food (what&#39;s the title and what) Negative
FIPRESCI Award to the Boy Eating Bird&#39;s Food ... The stupidity in all its greatness !! Negative
He was awarded a prize in Tabor !! E do not go well !! Negative
RT Award honored Greek film: the boy eats the bird&#39;s food (mercy what title and that) Negative
RT Award honored Greek film: the boy eats the bird&#39;s food (mercy what title and that) Negative
RT Is not it regrettable that his public voted for a better Greek film Papadopoulos &amp; sons? Negative
The movie screened at the ending ceremony was at least ridiculous and now I will not go to the party because I&#39;m a body in fatigue! Negative
½ ☆☆☆☆ &quot;Albania&quot; Negative
The second part of the Drama Short Film Award was AWAY GOOD. Who shit thought to split the two parts unevenly? Negative
RT The second part of Drama&#39;s Short-Lived Shorts was AWAY GOOD. Who shit thought to split up so unequally the 2 me ... Negative
Papadopoulos &amp; sons got a public prize. WHAT IS PUBLIC HERE? Negative
RT Papadopoulos &amp; sons got a public prize. WHAT IS PUBLIC HERE? Negative
&quot;Papadopoulos &amp; sons got an audience award. WHAT IS PUBLIC HERE? THEN YOU! Negative
the culmination of a tragic film title transcription in Moutzi&#39;s short &quot;Nothing By Chance&quot; as &quot;Accidental, I Do not Think&quot; Negative
RT highlighting a tragic film title translation in the short song of Moutzio &quot;Nothing By Chance&quot; as &quot;Random, De ... Negative
hahahaha plaka do RT peak tragic translation of Moutzi&#39;s shorts Nothing By Chance as Random, I Do not Think Negative
All license. In the meantime, post-festival depression will begin. I believe that. @ Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Negative
RT Papadopoulos &amp; sons got a public prize. WHAT IS PUBLIC HERE? Negative
RT All licenses. In the meantime, post-festival depression will begin. I believe that. @ Warehouse C (Warehouse C) ... Negative
Fact :( All Involuntary.It will soon begin &amp; post-festive depression @ Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Negative
Festivals have already begun goodbye &amp; I&#39;m sorry. Another intense 10 day with code 53 will be history in a few hours ... Negative
RT All licenses. In the meantime, post-festival depression will begin. I believe that. @ Warehouse C (Warehouse C) ... Negative
Covered Life (2011) If it was short, it would be good. Interesting idea and atmosphere but boring in its entirety. Negative
Kid somewhat evidently got a little too short at the point that he says nothing of his 2 * Negative
RT Kid somewhat obviously short-lived at the point where he says neither from his 2 * Negative
The Festival is over, problems continue ... via Negative
RT Covered Life (2011) If it was short, it would be good. Interesting idea and atmosphere but boring in the whole ... Negative
I hear suggestions of exemplary punish thailand (50 + years) that talk about the time of the movie Negative
★ ☆☆☆☆ &quot;The Patience Stone&quot; Poor interpretations, combined with non-existent directing, have a shocking scenario. Negative
They all come and farewell slowly ... so the only day I do not like at the Festival is the last Sunday. Pfff ... Negative
RT They all come and farewell slowly ... so the only day I do not like at the Festival is the last Sun ... Negative
19 films this year (depression has already begun) Negative
RT ★ ☆☆☆☆ &quot;The Patience Stone&quot; Poor interpretations, combined with non-existent directing, are a shocking sen ... Negative
The children of the war | Very good director but up there. Also behind the back she thought she went for coffee with her co-star 3 * / 5 Negative
RT 19 tapes this year (depression has already begun) Negative
RT 19 tapes this year (depression has already begun) Negative
In the queue for the rhino season and when you write me! The invitation will go! Negative
last seen inexperienced world and confused with queues of those who have and have no tickets. &quot;yes&quot; lady is calling Negative
her daughter to look on her grandfather&#39;s agenda to find out where she works in order to put her in. this country is going to save ... Negative
RT last viewed inexperienced world and messed up with queues of those who have and have no tickets. &quot;as is&quot; ... Negative
Started the Post Festival Depression Negative
OK then. We will miss the moments, but tonight the Dating at the 15th Documentary Festival now (15-24 March 2013)! Negative
OK then. We will miss the moments, but tonight the Dating at the 15th Documentary Festival now (March 15-24, 2013)! Negative
RT Ok, then. We will miss the moments, but tonight the Dating at the 15th Documentary Festival now (15-24 ... Negative
RT Ok, then. We will miss the moments, but tonight the Dating at the 15th Documentary Festival now (15-24 ... Negative
And you&#39;re lying to us. Let&#39;s go! Negative
RT 19 tapes this year (depression has already begun) Negative
And now what will happen without a Festival? They were a sort of solution. Good Week! Negative
And what? That&#39;s it; Does not it have today? @ Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Negative
RT And what? That&#39;s it; Does not it have today? @ Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Negative
Somewhat dropped my scores for the films of the last five days of fever will blame Negative
 aftermath: floored by flu, house is a mess, fridge needs cleaning, deadlines shot, need to watch a blockbuster, miss Fest friends Negative
Post-Festival depression on the way...  Negative
yesterday I passed from the port. all empty. either banners, no posters, no world, no storage, no deserts, no life. Negative
RT yesterday I passed from the port. All empty. Either banners, no posters, no world, no anything. Deserts deserted &amp; no life. Negative
From 2012 Top10 of Cahiers du Cinéma I have not seen, only one movie &amp; ironically played in ... in :( Negative
★★★ ½ ☆ &quot;Holy Motors&quot; Sureal the movie of the opening! 9 lives for a man, you definitely do not bother Positive
RT  Beautiful waterside at    Positive
RT From today until Sunday only Positive
RT  I remember  liked this chair in Electra Palace lobby.    Positive
I just installed the Android app. The journey to the films of the festival begins! Positive
RT Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Positive
Holy Motors: Faux-cult auterism, limo trader w dexterity/disguise skillz leads mult lives. Mocap scene sublime, otherwise mostly meh  Positive
RT Throughout his twitter team a great thank you for the thousands of beautiful moments we lived together with the tel ... Positive
RT ★★★★ ☆ &quot;A Piracy&quot; Director lures pirates with lyre for the crew. Is it business? Occupational documenta ... Positive
★★★★ ☆ Who is afraid of the Persian cat? / Bahamian Gobandi foveri perigisi sto Iran, teleia mousiki kai sokaritstiko telos Positive
At least I went to get a ticket for &quot;The ship for Palestine&quot; by Nikos Koundouros ... Positive
 I am happy I see young people in the festival. Positive
RT Cloud 9: caught me and snapped me a bit. I would not think of a better capture of the question between 2 60 + years Positive
RT At last, the opening ceremony began tonight. To cut off from all points on the horizon ... must the g ... Positive
 RT  The lovely city of    Positive
Original DimitrisDX: Reviews Feed: Big Heat (4 * / 5): If you considered the idea of the Big Heat t ... Positive
I do not know about you but me from the boy from Chameleon&#39;s Color, it made me very wild moods. Positive
RT Interesting &quot;Gara&quot; of Giannakakis: amazing Am. Moustou, aesthetic a / m photo, but &amp; some bellies ... Positive
Packing. Off to Thessaloniki Film Festival in morning to see P+Sons on Wed night in front of Greeks. Nervous. Excited. Butterflies.  Positive
RT le capital excellent movie !!! Psychological / Financial Thriller Excellent Photography Directed by &quot;The Game Continuing ... Positive
RT Enhanced cinematic &amp; historical backdrop of &#39;Theatre&#39;, especially now. Oh, my mother Greece ... ... Positive
RT festivals in Thessaloniki :-) Positive
RT Thanks for one more year, our eyes were filled with wonderful images, thoughts, reflections.Until next year! h ... Positive
I am glad I see people at all RT   I am happy I see young people in the festival. Positive
Prepare suitcases for Thessaloniki. The party just started Positive
Perfect sunset shortly before piracy Positive
I&#39;m glad you liked it :-) Positive
Good morning. Do not miss today at &quot;Paradise Love&quot; by Ulrich Ziedl - 23:15 @ Olympion. Positive
and the 5 top-rated of the Thessfest app! (with few votes but good) Positive
Stepping out of a beautiful film to a beautiful sunset!      Positive
after yesterday, I officially wait for Denis Lavant to be recognized as God. Motors Positive
I came back from you and they find me now GODs that sit down saying next to me in projections and they were wasting me dreamy Positive
Enjoying the sun in Thessaloniki for  Any sales agents or distributors wanting to buy a fantastic film let us know! Positive
Good to see a festival that still supports     Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;Dead Europe&quot; Talked to me! Gut was good. An eschatological tale. The novel louder, but so does not usually go? Positive
&quot;The festival of our city Positive
&quot;Good morning. I am Dr Kaurismäki. Just tell me how you feel.&quot; Best introduction to a press conference ever? Positive
RT  Dead Man's Burden European premiere tomorrow at  - excited to bring my film to Europe in the city my family's from! Positive
There's something satisfying about a siesta. Now to see the amazing  then Opening Night party of   Positive
Summer in Berlin / Andreas Dresen ★★★ ½ ☆ polu oraioi xaraktires, the atmosphere of the atmosphere, the paras ... Positive
What a party we had! The Souljazz Orchestra was amazing! Thessaloniki International Film Festival rocks with its parties as well!  Positive
RT  Angelopoulos concert was BEAUTIFUL… what an amazing way to hear the scores, with full orchestra, jazz trio, vocal-- the works.  ... Positive
17 views, great hospitality &amp; meetings, with old &amp; new friends, included my staff, 53th TFG. Good luck... Positive
RT ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Positive
RT start screaming by cinematic delight for his movie launch Positive
★★ ☆☆☆ holy temple Shahlamaritsa, a joy rolling its 78th minute Positive
Good to see a festival that still supports     Positive
Holy Motors 5 * / 5 - Thanks for the mindfuck you gave us. Positive
A crazy ladder rises from Attenberg and leaves behind the Lanthim somewhere lost in the manger the weather was Positive
RT Kaurimaki 11 Saturday morning and the tail at Olympion arrives on the road Positive
Good start, Positive
RT      The lovely city of    Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
&quot;The Boy Eats the Bird&#39;s Food&quot;: The best Greek film of the Festival ... via Positive
My third time of watching Aki Kaurismaki's legendary film "Leningrad Cowboys go America" was yesterday at  . What a movie! Positive
Nice to be back home  Positive
RT Alternative to Holy Quaternity: Lotus, Religion, Family Positive
RT And YES I am &amp; this year volunteer in The Salonica! Positive
amidst the tragedies of desperately single Austrians in a stunning quintessence. 5/5 Positive
And a HUGE thank you to our   and  guests who trusted us with their projects and films. Peace. Positive
religious christmas fights with her former Muslim man and a man of unbelievable.Ziddle ΘΕΕ 5/5 Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;A Piracy&quot; Exceptional Danish cinematography Positive
RT Performance recital by a stunning Golshifteh Farahani, who takes on her a great movie ... Positive
Arrived in Thessaloniki. My suitcase did not. But-- a lovely city, a perfectly organized film festival staff &amp; honored to be a guest  Positive
RT But how do you not love the Festival with such shocking people she knows? Let&#39;s make it ... Positive
Very beautiful history and cinema in cinema 4/5 Positive
★★★ ☆☆ &quot;Drunk Horses&quot; Dramatic and human in inhumane childlike living conditions. He did not excite me. Positive
I was interested in the &quot;Joy&quot; of Yannakakis, Amazing Am. Moustou, aesthetic a / m photo, but &amp; some bellies Positive
start viewing! Good reunion in the halls! ;) Positive
RT &quot;Good morning. I am Dr Kaurismäki. Just tell me how you feel.&quot; Best introduction to a press conference ever? Positive
RT We also saw the &quot;Behind the Hills&quot; today! Very nice movie, impeccable direction, terrific interpretations but a little big ... Positive
I want to find the Very Lykourgos to embrace her Positive
RT Impeccable Capital like Gavras ... Even from the full B&#39;exotis .. Positive
RT  Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Positive
3.5 / 5 * Complicated film but with scriptural weaknesses.Horafas amazing and the &quot;little angel&quot; of the goddess Positive
RT In the year zero distance Olympion-Port. I&#39;m going for Olympics !! Positive
RT &quot;Gospati&quot; RT, I liked it very much, was a touching but funny road trip to the Kurdish music 3.5 / 5 * Positive
What a god that Hristov! Without munitions he responds with humor and shows that he was distracting Positive
It is displayed twice at the 53rd TIF, for the Competition Section, on 07 &amp; 08/11. I suggest, loose ... Positive
RT Probably, the shocker is in the 2 best I mentioned in 4.5 / 5 for a haunting experience Positive
Closing Thessaloniki tonight!  MT  I was quite taken with Hong Sang-soo's "In Another Country"  Positive
In the deep and Pirate today. Conclusion: The northern ones are doing a joyful and difficult life for the navy Positive
one of the greatest homosexuals, Mijagi Positive
A waste of people in Warehouse D. Positive
RT Dead Europe 3 * / 5 did not spoil the blank script, had Thanos Samaras (♥) and very good director. And Thanos Samaras (♥). ... Positive
53rd BC and today the program has Panhellenic premieres for two great directors: Kostas Gavras &amp; Nikos Koundouros ... Positive
★★★★★ &quot;Room 514&quot; Shutter, powerful with excellent performance by the protagonist. Of the best so far. Positive
RT In Thessaloniki .. Student memories of endless hours in dark festivals ... Such days ... Positive
He was honored with a future prize at Esparza at the Venice Festival. Positive
festive explosion in Thessaloniki :-) Positive
The whole city is celebrated. An inappropriate feeling. Something that you need to experience is intense and you can move in its rhythms. Positive
Today I fell in love. Positive
RT   Check out the cool ThessFest App for the Thessaloniki Film Festival. Very well done.   Positive
O Parviz again I liked it. I was one of the four who applauded at the end Positive
RT how glad I am seeing you again! Positive
Perfect Weather Welcoming for the @ Warehouse C Positive
another successful day for me what a pity to be and his last ... he can not hold a month that is; Positive
RT how glad I am seeing you again! Positive
RT At last, the opening ceremony began tonight. To cut off from all points on the horizon ... must the g ... Positive
the most beautiful closing festival with a great movie for sound in cinema filled nostalgia Positive
RT ★★★ ☆ ☆ &quot;Loveless Zoritsa&quot; Vocal gothic comedy. Very enjoyable! Positive
Smart, well-designed and original scenario has beautifully inaugurated today&#39;s Festive Day ... Positive
 ★★★★☆ "The Capsule" Interesting  Positive
Award for Male Interpretation to: Yannis Papadopoulos - TO THE PLAY GAME TO ... by Hector Ligizou, Positive
RT  " Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that c ... Positive
The Deep: Awe-inducing 'Instagram' flashbacks of Iceland volcano eruption, glad Eyafjalajokull didn't trigger Katla  Positive
RT  Arrived in Thessaloniki for  and it's hot, and we're in thermals from the freezing early morning London weather. Positive
Epilogue (2012) The pleasant surprise of the festival. Lovely story and protagonists. It&#39;s worth seeing. Positive
Rhino Season (Bahman Ghobadi) and Tabu (Miguel Gomes) are the best films I've watched at  so far. No wonder they both sold out. Positive
RT  I am looking forward for  Positive
The Half Klip is WHAT SHOW !! , the other half WHAT IS FOR ?; and all along that shocking finding that it is realistic Positive
Second screening of  sold out!  People sitting in the aisles at a Monday 3 PM!   Positive
waiting with distress! Positive
Not something new but always good Positive
I have not played it again in All but all the Saturday shows are sold out. Tomorrow in queues for cancellations will fall body Positive
a late start and for me in the West of Mungiu, a nice and quite typical Balkan film of 3.5 / 5 * Positive
Second chronicle from Thessaloniki. Good cinema and good food Positive
RT  Thessaloniki sunset today. A big part of why I don't want to leave RT  Can't get enough    ... Positive
I've eaten Greek food every weekend since returning from   in Thessaloniki Positive
TO VIMA - 53rd Thessaloniki Festival: A Need for the City of the World - Culture: Positive
Original DimitrisDX: Reviews: Beyond The Hills (4 * / 5): It&#39;s no accident that Cristian Mungiu thinks ... Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ &quot;In the deep&quot; I liked the fisherman though a bit slower than I expected it Positive
RT Art masterpiece in a film of another era 3.5 / 5 Positive
RT   RT  The lovely city of    Positive
RT  Arrived in Thessaloniki for  and it's hot, and we're in thermals from the freezing early morning London weather. Positive
★★★★ ½ &quot;Big Hit&quot; I rarely like Greek movie so much! It reminded me very much of my cherished sin city! Go !!!! Positive
Excellent interpretations, internal direction &amp; how you can capture realism without becoming a cynical 4/5 Positive
Reunification with Aki Kaurismaki was also worthwhile Positive
Thanks! Nice link &amp; incidentally good and Android app. Convenient and helpful. I look forward to arriving :-) Positive
RT Unsurpassed weather, sold sold out tickets and good mood at the ThPA Pier. Come on for a walk! Positive
Extreme Directed by Seidl to the Slave and the Lamb 4/5 Positive
Sweet touching tranquil road trip internal search in the unspoken mount of Pakistan 4/5 Positive
RT The sick and reluctant side of deep faith. with one word EXCELLENT 4.5 / 5 Positive
RT  Beyond the Hills, Mungiu's latest (very Bressonian) film earns the Romanian director a master rank (plus the Fischer ... Positive
Great line up of films for Open Horizons program at    Positive
RT  Picking movies by their music keeps working just fine when it comes to  Patience Stone &amp; Lore b ... Positive
RT  I've eaten Greek food every weekend since returning from   in Thessaloniki Positive
I may not be a volunteer this year, but the joy of casting a movie is indescribable: D Positive
The children of Kinshasa were shocked by boom boom chaka Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;The season of rhinoceros&quot; A wonderful great movie. Positive
I wanted Mungiu&#39;s experience again Positive
RT Stories from the Golden Age (2009) Short films in sections with common themes. Nice three-hour. Positive
and good visibility (dry and dry bread) Positive
RT &amp; in all its flawless team that make the ... Positive
This year Vravio Kinou seems like will go to Papadopoulos &amp; Sons. Well done job with low budget but full of kefi, hara and hope!  Positive
RT ★★★★ ☆ &quot;Tabu&quot; Where we went to confuse us managed with the atmospheric black and white Positive
Who would say that his most festive party would be the Market Positive
RT Fischer Audience Award for Best Greek Film: &#39;Papadopoulos &amp; Sons&#39; by Marcus Markou! Congrats !!! 👏 ... Positive
RT Shocking movie Lore, the drama of survival after BPP for the children of the victims. No one is left untouched by ... Positive
 loveless zoritsa so far so good black serbian humor Positive
The moment you should be Thessaloniki. Positive
★★★ ☆ ☆ &quot;Loveless Zoritsa&quot; Vocal gothic comedy. Very enjoyable! Positive
 ThessFest is ready, the Holy Motors are ready, let's get this festival started.  Positive
If &amp; beta, the first impressions of its application are very good. Well done Positive
Epilogue from Amir Manor got already 2 awards!! It wasn't a surprise!! Sooo happy!!  Positive
So many movies, so little ticket money Positive
Mungiu now to my favorite directors! Excellent &#39;behind the hills&#39;. Actual experience 4.5 / 5 Positive
Yum! RT The good festival day always starts with a bouquet of Yannis in Warehouse C Positive
RT 17 views, great hospitality &amp; meetings, with old &amp; new friends, included my staff, 53th TFG. ... Positive
 happy about you!  Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
comic tragic stories of surrealism at the absurd communist block 4/5 Positive
Wonderful &quot;Good morning. I am Dr Kaurismäki. Just tell me how you feel.&quot; Best introduction to a press conference ever? Positive
RT A great movie, for an unfulfilled love, but above all, a hymn to freedom of expression and lore ... Positive
And gals RT  if there is a time of the year to be definitely in  this is  season! enjoy guys Positive
RT claustrophobic thriller in the sense of good, evil &amp; justice to balancing, very good interpretations 4 ... Positive
RT With great pride I present to you &quot;Cinema Thessaloniki&quot;, a recording of the cinematic history of ... Positive
Reviews Feed Starring: Holy Motors (4.5 * / 5): Either impress or repel the viewer, Holy Mo ... Positive
The epilogue has swept the awards! The 4th is a &quot;bronze Alexander!&quot; Positive
RT In a 3 * / 5 bedroom in Poland the firebox gets fire, the supermarkets serve snacks and the graffiti make nice ... Positive
RT &quot;Good morning. I am Dr Kaurismäki. Just tell me how you feel.&quot; Best introduction to a press conference ever? Positive
RT ★★★★★ &quot;Here and there&quot; Underground tension, poverty, bowed heads. Mexican masterpiece with slow but terrible rhythm ... Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;One month in Thailand&quot; Simple, smart and very human. The Romanians have become a tradition Positive
RT  Thessaloniki sunset today. A big part of why I don't want to leave RT  Can't get enough    ... Positive
RT The sold out at this year&#39;s festival is CONTINUED! Lucky cinekartaf owners if they have closed their tickets, of course, ... Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
RT yesterday I installed my ThessFest on the mobile, the quad and sent 2 suggestions to make it better. with update ... Positive
+1! RT Why not like the Thessaloniki festival! Positive
What has a cheese pie in the Warehouse Just a little over the beers, what&#39;s most important ever or what Positive
English production with George Choraffa and others in his current proposals Positive
Q &amp; A, in the Frida Liappa Room, with the Director of Fabulous Film, Positive
The point is that we laughed ... from then on all but ... Positive
RT Fischer Audience Award for Best Greek Film: &#39;Papadopoulos &amp; Sons&#39; by Marcus Markou! Congrats !!! 👏 ... Positive
In one hour, the opening ceremony of &quot;Looking forward to&quot; Holy Motors ... off we go! Positive
RT  Just a week away   RT  It's official;  here we come!     Positive
RT  Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
Good to see a festival that still supports     Positive
RT Many congratulations to the winners of today&#39;s ... Positive
if not the world honored him Gavra | Olympion | Capital Positive
RT I was very pleased with the audience award in &#39;Papadopoulos &amp; Sons&#39; tonight. Hope, optimism &amp; a Greek ... Positive
RT Extremely directed by Seidl to the sinner and the bitch 4/5 Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;Zapping&quot; God! TV Police: &quot;You&#39;re about to work for us&quot; Positive
RT rt - 53rd Thessaloniki International Film Festival: The Ultimate Dust for Minor Losses ... Positive
Award winning bronze Alexandros Selection (which he scanned) Positive
Okay, I&#39;m psychologically ready for Positive
Stories from the Golden Age (2009) Short films in sections with common themes. Nice three-hour. Positive
Golden gold award in the memory of Th. Angelopoulos A Pirate !! (good job) Positive
Heading to The 53rd Thessaloniki Film Festival. Coverage to be posted  Honored to be invited, excited to see Greece!  Positive
An amazing blog was created by  Follow it and look in for your own portrait!     Positive
Do you? I&#39;m going to go this year too! Im! If you have not forgotten me ... Positive
RT   very interesting program!!! Positive
RT  Just a week away   RT  It's official;  here we come!     Positive
RT Deep: Hymn to the Icelandic fisherman. Excellent protagonist, terrific images, simple story, very good Positive
Kostas Gavras: Greece will find its way back to Thermi the reception of the audience in Capital - 53rd TIFF Positive
Can't get enough    Positive
RT Today we will be at the premiere (19.30, room T.Marketaki, warehouse D) with George Sold-out already. ... Positive
Dead Europe does have solid perfs, with Marton Csokas in particular rocking Louis Cypher-calibre menacing drawl out of a minor char  Positive
Opens the curtain of the 53rd Thessaloniki Film Festival - Cinema - United Reporters Positive
piracy ... shocking ... 4.5 / 5 You also felt you were a hostage ... Positive
Prized common eyes in the Balkans Back to the hill (yes yes) Positive
      team is on the way! Positive
RT Ticketing for his last day&#39;s screenings at Aristotle Square, now. Thank you ... Positive
One will tell you, from Greek the Boy who eats the bird&#39;s food has squeezed. Positive
Well, then we came to Warehouse D to see the postpacking of Zappa &#39;s Last Porn Movie! Let me see how I wake up. Halali Positive
Cloud 9 (2008) Wonderful first film at the festival full of emotion, love and strong moments. Positive
RT It finally begins ... from today, every day of cinema! Positive
nice hearted talks on the buses for the festival films Positive
Lots of new business cards have arrived - just in time for  :) Positive
STARLET: Sean Baker continues to shine, Dree Hemmingway is flawless, film is lovely. A taste of home in Thessaloniki…  Positive
RT The Festival team is preparing to welcome you to the strongest cinematic experience of the year! ... Positive
Locked literally at home, at 12 I have to go Give knots the sheets and count the height from the balcony. Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
&quot;The rhino era&quot;: a wonderful movie with tremendous direction and photography! 4,5 * / 5 The 2nd best I saw this year Positive
The diffused magic of the book with the comic book element perfectly harmonized 4.5 / 5 Probably the best prize Positive
we started !! Positive
A beautiful, special film, inspired by the legends and beliefs of a &quot;magical&quot; country ... Positive
The festival of our city Positive
And I was saying one that I started with Ghobadi&#39;s film to close it and with his own film one that had good recommendations! Positive
Amalia Moutousis as &quot;Joy&quot; steals babies and hearts Positive
Kinshasa Kids: Flipside to Kinshasa Symphony, near-Glawogger realistic slam musical, but not Slumdog; very engaging, great visuals  Positive
yesterday I installed my ThessFest on the mobile, the quartz and sent 2 suggestions to make it better. with an update today. wow Positive
Rt Divine Chicken Fights with His Former Muslim Man &amp; A Mist of Absurdity.Zeedle 5/5 Positive
Tonia Sotiropoulou SAGAPO! Positive
RT Tour from Manolis&#39; &quot;hidden heroes&quot; Thank you! Positive
RT  Must-really-see photo! RT  Thessaloniki dock. Thessaloniki international film festival.   ... Positive
RT Kaurimaki 11 Saturday morning and the tail at Olympion arrives on the road Positive
Reviews: Beyond The Hills (4 * / 5): It&#39;s no coincidence that Cristian Mungiu is considered one of the most important ... Positive
Gobanti&#39;s &quot;Gospel&quot;, I loved it a bit, was a moving but funny road trip to Kurdish music 3,5 / 5 * Positive
And well to be sold out of Gavra, it makes sense, but for the Museum Hours, I did not expect it ... Positive
What good do you spend there in Salonica !! RT Back to warehouse C Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ &quot;In the light of day&quot; Classical festival! Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
RT  Inside the IT Festival HQ. Working till late while the party is out. Real heroes!   Positive
RT And your shadow! Good morning, we&#39;re starting! :) Positive
Good and good films will be seen by the volunteers in the past Positive
Immature cinematic &amp; historical retrospection of the &#39;Theater&#39;, especially now. Oh, my mother Greece ... Positive
RT &quot;Good morning. I am Dr Kaurismäki. Just tell me how you feel.&quot; Best introduction to a press conference ever? Positive
Acquired accreditation or invitations for Thessaloniki Film Festivals, love is given :-) Positive
In a 3 * / 5 bedroom in Poland the firebox gets fire, supermarkets serve snacks and graffiti make a nice background Positive
Watch out another &quot;Persian cats&quot; and &quot;the turtles that fly&quot; at the Rhino Season; He had a horse, but it seemed to me to be sober. Positive
RT  If you're in thessaloniki, do not miss the greek monsters exhibition by  at     ... Positive
in the tragedies of desperately single Austrians in a strange way in the Kenya. Positive
Yesterday it was a restful day with the Holy Trinity and Zorica leaving a smile of pleasure as we walked out of the room. Positive
 wifi rocks, first time that I can actually tweet from within the theater (Liappa) Positive
The seventh day of the 53rd Thessaloniki Festival hid (pleasant) surprises. Positive
Tomorrow begins and we are glad to welcome you to Olympion in Aristotle &amp; in the warehouses in the harbor! Positive
 ★★★☆☆ "Higuita" Mesmerising! Best served with absinthe and LSD.  Positive
In &#39;Io sono Li&#39; from Italy this year&#39;s prize Positive
Finally and this year the Festival for me with curtains the classic value of Kaurishmaki and the wonderful &quot;Lights at dusk&quot; Positive
However, so far we have seen many good movies, let&#39;s say that. Positive
RT Good morning! The first festive weekend begins and our contest continues until tomorrow night! Positive
lucky lucky Salonika, from tomorrow you will have me on your feet for 2 weeks! Positive
RT 17 views, great hospitality &amp; meetings, with old &amp; new friends, included my staff, 53th TFG. ... Positive
RT All the city is celebrating. An inappropriate feeling. Something that you need to know is to live it and move on to ... Positive
And your shadow! Good morning, we&#39;re starting! :) Positive
RT The Festival team is preparing to welcome you to the strongest cinematic experience of the year! ... Positive
RT Fischer Audience Award for Best Greek Film: &#39;Papadopoulos &amp; Sons&#39; by Marcus Markou! Congrats !!! 👏 ... Positive
I ask you to return the copyright message before the movies start in the cult Positive
RT &quot;4 months, 3 weeks &amp; 2 days&quot;: tape for stomach stomach but EXTRAORDINARY! If you can withstand the issue see it! Cinema Tracks Positive
RT Good food between the CineCardAF screenings or the ticket you get at Festival Spots! ... Positive
Beijing Flickers: Chinese campy-pop philosophical soft-poverty youth flick, the kind that Hollywood has long forgotten how to make  Positive
I am interested in Yannakakis&#39; &quot;Joy&quot;: amazing Am. Moustou, aesthetic a / m photo, but &amp; some bellies Positive
RT  3 films till now have great chances for Golden Alexander:the iranian Taboor, the romanian A Month in Thailand&amp; french Ki ... Positive
RT Personally I found the reservation system impeccable. With a little bit of organization I found tickets for all the movies I wanted on a p ... Positive
With rain and air, we are coming to you! Positive
RT The Festival team is preparing to welcome you to the strongest cinematic experience of the year! ... Positive
RT It finally begins ... from today, every day of cinema! Positive
RT  Kaurismaki rules   Positive
 "NO" best film of this years edition!  Positive
Echoes and soundtracks (nice article but to say that I saw others with original st st, eg Paskaljevic) Positive
The good festival day always starts with a bouquet of Yannis in Warehouse C Positive
A Hijacking 4 * / 5 for the CEO, plays a little ugly Danish Jude Law Positive
Thanks for adding me to the  list,  Cheers! Positive
The greatest success of this year&#39;s festival in Thessaloniki was the total absence of institutional and political figures! Thank god. Positive
RT A dozen reasons to go to the 53rd Thessaloniki International Film Festival via Positive
Unbelievable! Big Hit (2012) Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;Chronicles of the Golden Age&quot; Delightful Mungiu saves Romania&#39;s 80s. The first of 5 songs incredibly funny Positive
HELIO is in the co-founder !!!!!!!!!!! Positive
RT Weekend Contest! Upload a photo from the Festival until Sunday 4/11 with 5 winning invitations ... Positive
RT Ate to catch the cold !! I can not go to the festival with sun! It&#39;s unethical Positive
boom! Here it is, I&#39;m shooting a movie Positive
Oh, it&#39;s fine in Salonika Positive
Wonderful what we live in. The sting does q &amp; a for the movie Positive
RT Good morning, we&#39;re starting! :) Positive
Fist in the stomach, the movie-documentary &#39;Drunk Horses&#39;! The reality without the pleasant touches 4/5 Positive
Enough movies and writing, time to Meet and Mingle.  Positive
Leningrad Cowboys go american Aki Kaurismaki | Short, crazy with a rich repertoire Positive
Magical concerts of the kardin with the como in the megaro. Started with the music of the silence and the protest of the cos for everything we live Positive
He put it all in all: &#39;bukkake sentiment&#39; indeed 4 * Positive
 ★★★☆☆ "Holy Motors" I'm exhausted! What a job...  Positive
RT front for! to get lost in his pictures! real internal Positive
Lost in Olympion for the premiere of &quot;Capital&quot; by Kostas Gavras Positive
no children, it is not meant without rain and cloudy! :-) Positive
At (53rd Thessaloniki International Film Festival) you will find all the comments of viewers for the 10-day event. And I hope yours, do not worry :) Positive
RT Amazing ... terrible ... i just say ... (Greek title failed, the only bad thing) Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
RT I&#39;m not a hipster (2012) The best movie I saw at the festival this year. Full of emotion and beautiful history. Positive
&quot;Optimism Prevails at the 53rd Thessaloniki International Film Festival&quot; Positive
RT will miss me. @ TIFF Ticket Box Positive
RT  If you're in thessaloniki, do not miss the greek monsters exhibition by  at     ... Positive
In a nutshell, Capital is extraordinary, stupefying, sarcastic about the democracy of buying but Chekouri tells the truth! Positive
I hope the time to be Greece to go to Thessaloniki !!!! Positive
Dead Europe 3 * / 5 did not spoil the blank script, had Thanos Samaras (♥) and very good director. And Thanos Samaras (♥). Positive
RT Thessaloniki is preparing tonight for the hottest festival ever! Warehouse C, 21.00, free entrance ht ... Positive
Hands with &#39;&#39; Noir Filler &#39;&#39; and &#39;&#39; The Journal of Editors &#39;&#39;. Movies and reality together. Urban delight Positive
Yesterday I saw the rhinos season today I understand why it has a tribute to Ghobadi.Mudai all the room.Turtles can fly | 4.5 / 5 * Positive
Every film of Seidl is worth it, however, if only for the hordes of shocked viewers who leave horrible in the middle of the film. Positive
RT Today we go to cinema! Positive
RT Perfect photography, unique shots, good script &amp; performances, with a wonderful Monica Bellucci ... Positive
RT  Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
We are having a good time Positive
RT 53o Thessaloniki Festival: The good of austerity! | News - Positive
Amazing movie Beyond the hills of Mungiu ... must see! Positive
RT ★★★★ ½ &quot;Choir of firefighters&quot; Criticism and humor on the occasion of the funeral of the local bigger ... Positive
RT ★★★★ ½ &quot;Rhino Season&quot; Shocking! Masterpiece and technique. Positive
5 Thank you for having the dedication and the mascot and we learned him and we were ignorant! :) Positive
in general, truckloads are so rich in Pakistan, what good Positive
5 stars for NO, 105 star in Gael Positive
RT  Nice shot of an interesting looking boat at    Positive
RT A great movie, for an unfulfilled love, but above all, a hymn to freedom of expression and lore ... Positive
and he said it was &quot;a rollercoaster that runs faster than the cinema frame&quot; Positive
RT Good morning, we&#39;re starting! :) Positive
RT ★★★★ ☆ &quot;One month in Thailand&quot; Simple, smart and very human. Romanians have made tradition ... Positive
today I had a successful day ... &quot;I&#39;m not a hipster&quot; beautiful and touching with nice rock music rock music 4/5 * Positive
What shall I do during these days Salonika ... Positive
Watch the Pick! He approached such a serious issue with nice little humor !! 4,5 / 5 Positive
The passionate images of Leos Carax. The images of Leos Carax films overflow with passion, intensity ... Positive
Sold out (and) the &#39;Papadopoulos &amp; Sons&#39; premiere! George and the director predict Positive
Good to see a festival that still supports     Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days&quot; Hard reality and anguish until the final fall Positive
★★★★★ &quot;Crime and Punishment&quot; Crime and Punishment, film in every respect. &quot;Then there is no paradise - maybe spiders&quot; Positive
Thessaloniki  opens this Friday evening with the amazing   We'll be reporting from the festival. Positive
if so, do not come with bermuda and cool down! we are waiting for you !! :) Positive
sent me a fluffy program Positive
RT However, so far we have seen many good movies, let&#39;s say that. Positive
Loveless Zoritsa 4 * / 5, the unyielding cursed who was looking for love and died in laughter Positive
Today I have no complaint about It was all wonderful in its own way each. Capsules, Higuita, after Lucia, Hara Positive
how glad I am seeing you again! Positive
RT  Good to see a festival that still supports     Positive
RT One Lost World in Warehouse D. Positive
Most retweeted-popular photos of  added at  Click menu - photos  Positive
The 4th screening of the day will be (2012) by Atiq Rahimi with the wonderful, Golshifteh Farahani ... Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
★★★★ ½ &quot;Shadows in the Paradise&quot; From Browning to Browning and from strip to strip. So he passed the 53rd Positive
Today is the Day! If you have this application, you have to ... Positive
RT ★★★★ ☆ &quot;Children of Sarajevo&quot; With the camera stuck on her young Bosnia tries to overcome them. Anyway ... Positive
Must-really-see photo! RT  Thessaloniki dock. Thessaloniki international film festival.    Positive
Just to say a big THANK YOU to our  # Crossroads and  team and volunteers for their excellent work. Positive
 very interesting program!!! Positive
But how do you not love the Festival with such shocking people she knows? Let&#39;s do it 365 days plz! Positive
RT One of the things I&#39;ve always liked in the TFU is that the movie opening hours are still plentiful, even in the ... Positive
RT It finally begins ... from today, every day of cinema! Positive
jupi! RT ThessFest, its application for Android mobile is here Positive
RT  Getting ready for our second screening tomorrow. Loving the city of Thessaloniki!   Positive
And the lyric given curriculum 3.5 / 5 Positive
Angelopoulos' Traveling Players is a much needed reminder of where Greece is coming from; hopefully not where it's going again  Positive
Very beautiful movie &quot;Summer in Berlin&quot; in Dresen! Smart, pleasant, humorous! Positive
With a background, a dramatic love story, it&#39;s an aesthetically pleasing film that you just hope you do not finish ... Positive
Papadopoulos &amp; Sons was one of the best in the festival! Also it was such a pleasure to have chance to talk with Georges Corraface  Positive
Paradise of Faith (2012) Different, special film about religion. Strong images and ... a looting of faith. Positive
Negroesque, simple, simple, supports his film in the best way Positive
Sound recording studio Berber (2012) A film of special interest but teaching and atmospheric. Different. Positive
RT give me a cubic bomber and you&#39;ll get my five stars - Kreis and Thief Positive
RT We had a wonderful time this year too! it&#39;s through Dating Time Pictures at :-) Positive
One of the protagonists of the film The Hijacking which won 1st prize in  is also the star of  - Pilou Asbæk is amazing! Positive
RT Mungiu now to my favorite directors! Excellent &#39;behind the hills&#39;. Actual experience 4.5 / 5 Positive
RT Good start, Positive
The day will begin with the Browning and &#39;lights in the syrup&#39;! Is it a better principle? Positive
RT How do you not love Thessaloniki? Good morning :-) RT Sunset at Positive
The hope is always the last Positive
Let&#39;s start! Good Festival &amp; Malamate Success to Everyone Positive
Absolutely sweet surreal dinner companion @ @ OUZERI &quot;BUY&quot; Positive
Cine Thessaloniki: The cinematic history of the city in a book presentation! It is not lost! Check! Positive
RT   Top5 (so far) 1.The color of the Chameleon  2.Sarajevo children 3.Room 514 4.A hijacking 5.The shine of day  ... Positive
Cowboys (2012) Moderate script, nice interpretation by the child and very good musical investment. Positive
Mold / Mold: Shocking internal interpretation and shots but until you reach the zoom, e, what says the title 3 * Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;Joy&quot; Black and White Absolute, focusing on the experience of a supreme emotion that characterizes the essence of joy. Positive
Good morning my salvation! Positive
RT The Deep 1 * / 5, but gave us the quote &quot;Do you have a bird girl?&quot; and we will thank it forever Positive
RT  Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
RT  Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
RT Perfect photography, unique shots, good script &amp; performances, with a wonderful Monica Bellucci ... Positive
Reviews Feed: Clip (aka Klip) (3.5 * / 5): Film without a film-scandal is not a festival. The &quot;Snapshot ... Positive
other news. Mark Marcus, keep his name. the guy knows to film movies. Papadopoulos &amp; Sons, the most optimistic side of the crisis Positive
RT sweet emotional tender road trip internal search in the inhospitable mountaintops of Pakistan 4/5 Positive
RT  Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
Dead Man's Burden somewhat awkward on delivery (drawling menace, long pauses), but works on unfolding story, meticulous authenticity  Positive
RT Good morning, we&#39;re starting! :) Positive
RT  Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
How Much Can It Be? a masterful psycho-comic strip !! 5/5 :-) (I want to see her again) Positive
RT   previews &amp; trailer playlists by returning  critic &amp; good friend Loukas Tsouknidas  ... Positive
Who is afraid of the Persian cat? A film about music that knows no boundaries Positive
RT When the narrative follows not only events but images and sounds, only something very good can arise. Ex ... Positive
And you do well !! &quot;Today we go to cinema! Positive
Review of Boy eating the bird's food by Loukas Tsouknidas  prolly the only crisis-themed Greek film w substance  Positive
Cinematographers, it&#39;s the big day! 53th Thessaloniki International Film Festival November 2 - 11, 2012 Positive
where you think about seeing only one movie today, see Tabu. Positive
We are not experts, we are fanatics of the Festival. ZO Film Festival. Send reviews, reviews, strange Positive
RT application is simply amazing Positive
Thank you to everyone @  for your generosity &amp; great festival. Fell in love with Thessaloniki &amp; its people. An honor to be your guest Positive
RT &quot;Lights at dusk&quot;: Another very nice film by Kaurismaki that talks about loneliness and the last of his trilogy! ... Positive
53th Thessaloniki Festival: Free Invitations Positive
I want to see &quot;Le Capital&quot; by Kostas Gavras (he will be with us at the Festival) on Saturday (3.11) during the day of Francophonie. Positive
Kapringen: Complete but dramatically flat Somali shipjacking tension play, great fishing scene. Hollywood would likely want this  Positive
You want to sleep to wake up early but you can not because you think it starts up &amp; you will run constantly but you will like it. Positive
RT  Can't get enough    Positive
RT So We are waiting for you, come all southern !! Both Western and Eastern! :) Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
ideology, romance, love &amp; politics beautifully presented in a lyric film for the last days 5/5 Positive
Original DimitrisDX: Reviews Feed: Clip (aka Klip) (3 * / 5): Festival without film-scandal is not f ... Positive
&#39;The Chapter&#39; by K. Gavras explains how the international financial system works and is set up through banks. Very strong movie Positive
RT Pleasant headaches: Do not let go of the day&#39;s schedule Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;Le Havre&quot; Human, optimistic, entertaining. I wish it was the reality! Positive
RT The difficult subject of the film is the beautiful and special film from Mexico ... Positive
&quot;Holy&quot; 53! Premiere yesterday for the Thessaloniki Festival. Positive
We love qrcodes   Positive
Dancing + laughing w / + laz_gr! @ Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Positive
I did not know V.Parra before, now I&#39;m sure to look for it, one of the most moving songs of the film Positive
But we also saw the &quot;Behind the Hills&quot; today! Very nice movie, impeccable directing, terrific interpretations, but a little big! 4/5 Positive
RT Feasibilityaleaaal! RT ThessFest, its application for Android mobile is here ... Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons was one of the best in the festival! Also it was such a pleasure to have chance to talk with Geo ... Positive
RT .. The Elective Poet of the Cinema [Thodoros Angelopoulos 1935-2012] Positive
With a paragraph, everything is all about it. Very nice setting up the exhibition about the history of Greek cinema in the film Positive
28 tapes this year for me, 5 masterpieces, 4 very good, others &amp; the rest are good, with next year Positive
Fill the Void 3.5 * / 5 no void is left unfinished, only silence - a beautiful drama calling to see beyond the typical Positive
The 4 * / 5 most beautiful Positive
RT It&#39;s time for HELIO to co-starter! WIIIIIII !!!!!! Positive
Those of you who are Thessaloniki, take a walk from Olympia &amp; Port for Strong Movies from all over the world. The Best Festival! Positive
Reviews Feed: Like Someone in Love (3.5 * / 5): It&#39;s simple and simple to manufacture, Like Someone In L ... Positive
RT It&#39;s definitely not his best movie Crime &amp; Punishment, but the first movie of a great filmmaker ... Positive
The first glimpse of the Thessaloniki Film Archive with the screening &quot;The Folk Painting Artist&quot; was especially good! Positive
&quot;Flashes in Beijing&quot;: Very sweet movie! Makes you wonder what you would do if you betrayed those you love? 3 * / 5 Positive
(Sine) Olympion rides &amp; tobacconists with such a view from tomorrow ... what else do you want? Positive
Good morning with me! Positive
Deep: Hymn to the Icelandic fisherman. Excellent protagonist, terrific images, simple story, very good Positive
RT ★★★★ ☆ &quot;A Piracy&quot; Director lures pirates with lyre for the crew. Is it business? Occupational documenta ... Positive
RT  Thessaloniki sunset today. A big part of why I don't want to leave RT  Can't get enough    ... Positive
Evening Festival! Positive
RT Thessaloniki is preparing tonight for the hottest festival ever! Warehouse C, 21.00, free entrance ht ... Positive
Excellent Iro interpreting &#39;This Night Stays&#39; by playing piano at his closing ceremony I&#39;m starting to feel angry .. we&#39;re done Positive
if there is a time of the year to be definitely in  this is  season! enjoy guys Positive
RT The wall of the volunteers. Thanks, guys, and time ... Positive
Today we are going to cinema! Positive
And now party! Warehouse in the world. The whole ground floor dancing Positive
Angelopoulos concert was BEAUTIFUL… what an amazing way to hear the scores, with full orchestra, jazz trio, vocal-- the works.  Positive
RT (Sine) Olympion rides &amp; Tombs with such a view from tomorrow ... what else do you want? Positive
RT Capsule of Tsangaris is the most visually paranoid, spartakiously submissive film of his being made with symbolism and art. Positive
RT  Rhino Season: Visual storytelling mastery submerged in cyan-yellow, a love doomed by a revolution &amp; a spiteful antagoni ... Positive
Stroll through the night in the cinema next to Thessaloniki! Positive
RT Some directors do not have to try too much ... Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
RT Those of you who are Thessaloniki, take a walk from Olympia &amp; port for Strong movies from all over the world. ... Positive
Dancing + laughing w / + laz_gr! @ Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ &quot;The face of the fog&quot; You want to be whole and stigmatized. Slow tragedy against the backdrop of war. Terrible photo Positive
Missed you, Warehouse C @ Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Positive
the 10 days of the wonderful day You now tell me how I turn to the hard reality of my degree. e? Positive
RT What are you doing fine in Salonica !! RT Back to warehouse C Positive
our good festival! :) Positive
 "NO" best film of this fest edition!  Positive
RT  Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
Kaurismaki rules   Positive
Kaurimaki 11 on Saturday morning and the tail at Olympion arrives out on the road Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;A Piracy&quot; Director is lugging pirates with the lyre for the crew. Is it business? Byzantine documentary Positive
RT &quot;Glitters in Beijing&quot;: Very sweet movie! Makes you wonder what you would do if you betrayed those you love? 3 * / ... Positive
Joanna Drigo at the Residents, a concert what he needs after four screenings at Positive
to Giorgos that we are waiting with great joy at the premiere of the film &#39;Papadopoulos &amp; Sons&#39;! With soon! Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
Personally, especially moving pictures from the shooting of Angelopoulos, beautiful Florina ... Positive
Today, Ante will start for me because I read and envy you! Positive
Throughout his twitter team a great thank you for the thousands of beautiful moments we have lived together in the last 10 days. Positive
are you! Positive
 Warehouse1 late last night// glad to see Christian Mungiu's short films: a genius at work back in 1998!  Positive
Room 514 (2012) The impressions of the public were very good. I was not excited. It was based on his script. Positive
Diver: Have a Gobad with a Music theme? strange, special road trip 3 * / 5 Positive
ya to ya ya ya! you have to come once with her Positive
3 films till now have great chances for Golden Alexander:the iranian Taboor, the romanian A Month in Thailand&amp; french Kinshasa Kids  Positive
now happens: unexpected passion. The soundtrack has flattened me Positive
Amazing ... terrible ... i just say ... (failed Greek title, the only evil) Positive
★★★★★ Lakposhtha ham parvaz mikonand Bahman Ghobadi a mporousa tha tis evaza 6 * / 5! Positive
RT Throughout his twitter team a great thank you for the thousands of beautiful moments we lived together with the tel ... Positive
And to catch the cold !! I can not go to the festival with sun! It&#39;s unethical Positive
RT  Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
I was very happy for the audience award in &#39;Papadopoulos &amp; Sons&#39; tonight. Hope, optimism &amp; a Greek as we love Positive
RT One for all volunteers at the festival Positive
Everyone at Q &amp; A is surprised by the masterpiece of Miguel Anchel Jimenez, being just his second film! Positive
RT Ω is nice at Salonika Positive
RT  Picking movies by their music keeps working just fine when it comes to  Patience Stone &amp; Lore b ... Positive
And you&#39;re not the only one ... RT will miss me. @ TIFF Ticket Box Positive
Alternative to the Holy Quaternity: Lotus, Religion, Family Positive
 Check out the cool ThessFest App  Positive
RT H supports Retsina Malamatina proudly supports the 53rd TIFF! Thanks! ... Positive
RT ★★★★★ &quot;Crime and Punishment&quot; Crime and Punishment, film in every respect. &quot;Then there is no paradise - maybe so ... Positive
RT In Thessaloniki .. Student memories of endless hours in dark festivals ... Such days ... Positive
Perfect photography, unique shots, good script &amp; performances, with a wonderful Monica Bellucci ... Positive
RT - Spirited interpretations, by the two main protagonists, if you endure to follow them, maybe ... Positive
in the deep, a true survival story in the frozen waters of the North Atlantic 4/5 Positive
Best bar in town ... @ Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Positive
RT ★★★★★ &quot;After Luschia&quot; loosely the best movie I have seen so far in the Festival Positive
RT Cine Thessaloniki: The cinematic history of the city in a book presentation! It is not lost! Check! Positive
Good visibility to those who have chosen it. - Guy Maddin (2011) [Review] Today 22:45 Room Frida Liappa Positive
RT What are you doing fine in Salonica !! RT Back to warehouse C Positive
Crazy fun Big Big. Neo-Hellenic black-and-white &quot;Big Heat&quot; with extra doubles and a balance between homage and parody Positive
☆★★★ ☆ The glory of the day Tizza Covi, Rainer Frimmel aplo alla periektiko !!! para polu kalo !!!! Positive
here I am talking about Parviz. I liked (somewhat) but did not applaud to them because of themes Positive
RT ★★★★★ &quot;Big Hit&quot; That&#39;s most fun so far at the festival this year. Positive
RT The first inspiration from Thessaloniki Theatrical Film with the screening &quot;The Piroshani Folk Painter&quot; was especially good! ... Positive
 loveless zoritsa was great love hurts bites but also can make u laugh out loud Positive
I&#39;m looking forward to listening to my grandmother&#39;s sweetness right now. Positive
★★★★★ &quot;Here and there&quot; Underground tension, poverty, bowed heads. Mexican masterpiece with slow but terrible rhythm and photography Positive
RT starts viewing! Good reunion in the halls! ;) Positive
Anyone who sees Loveless Zoritsa today will laugh and go well. Balcan Funny Story! Positive
Best wishes to all the  community, guest &amp; crew on this closing ceremony night ! Filia, agapi kai anexartisia!  Positive
 Check out the cool ThessFest App for the Thessaloniki Film Festival. Very well done.   Positive
I&#39;m not a hipster (2012) The best movie I saw at the festival this year. Full of emotion and beautiful history. Positive
Gotta cram on  reading today, pinballed through 5 screenings yday completely unprepared. Still, 5/9 watchable-to-good picks, not bad Positive
No Lost .. RT Le Havre - Aki Kaurismaki (2011) [Review] via Positive
RT  STARLET: Sean Baker continues to shine, Dree Hemmingway is flawless, film is lovely. A taste of home in Thessaloniki…  Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;Landscape in the Mist&quot; Of My Favorites Positive
RT Today will start for me, because I read and envy you! Positive
After a beautiful night I will meet a friend who has 8 years to see! and I will not find a ticket I will not tear anyway?) Positive
RT The moment you should be Thessaloniki. Positive
RT The Festival team is preparing to welcome you to the strongest cinematic experience of the year! ... Positive
Ready with good support for Tabor !!! Positive
It is displayed for the 3rd and last time on Sunday 11/11. Make a gift to yourself &amp; see the ... Positive
RT Every Seidl film is worth it, even if it is only for the hordes of shocked spectators who leave fearsome in the middle of the ... Positive
RT Amazing ... terrible ... i just say ... (Greek title failed, the only bad thing) Positive
RT  Must-really-see photo! RT  Thessaloniki dock. Thessaloniki international film festival.   ... Positive
Loveless Zoritsa (2012) Very pleasant black comedy Positive
Fetishdaaaaaal! RT ThessFest, its application for Android mobile is here Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
RT      The lovely city of    Positive
RT The fact that each movie is represented by a three-digit code may appear detail, but it is particularly useful to ... Positive
RT  Amazing sunset     Positive
the implementation is simply amazing Positive
RT Between Views: Coffee and Cappakes !! What else to ask for? Positive
RT  Thessaloniki sunset today. A big part of why I don't want to leave RT  Can't get enough    ... Positive
Missing   Positive
★★★★ ½ &quot;The Light of the Day&quot; Wonderful Walter Saabel, a deeply human film without screams. Sleek and impressive Positive
RT  Must-really-see photo! RT  Thessaloniki dock. Thessaloniki international film festival.   ... Positive
★★★★ ☆ museum hours An excellent movie for people who like to observe people Positive
RT Made of ash (2012) Very good movie with documentary influences. Realistic depiction of reality. Positive
RT ★★★ ☆ ☆ &quot;Loveless Zoritsa&quot; Vocal gothic comedy. Very enjoyable! Positive
RT Enhanced cinematic &amp; historical backdrop of &#39;Theatre&#39;, especially now. Oh, my mother Greece ... ... Positive
★★★★★ &quot;The Holy Tetras&quot; Watch It! Positive
RT At the 53rd Thessaloniki International Film Festival you will find all the comments of viewers for the 10 days. And I hope yours, do not worry :) Positive
RT A beautiful, special film, inspired by the legends and beliefs of a &quot;magical&quot; country ... Positive
RT 53th Thessaloniki Festival: A Need for the City of the World - Positive
I am looking forward for  Positive
RT Mungiu now to my favorite directors! Excellent &#39;behind the hills&#39;. Actual experience 4.5 / 5 Positive
Good evening! Updated in iOS app ?! Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
it may have been the weather, it may have been friends. but beyond the movies, it had a very nice atmosphere this year Positive
If we are talking about really good Greek cinema, let&#39;s talk about it! Positive
Epilogue -very strong film  Positive
So we are waiting for you, come all southern !! Both Western and Eastern! :) Positive
Beauties @ Positive
RT Enhanced cinematic &amp; historical backdrop of &#39;Theatre&#39;, especially now. Oh, my mother Greece ... ... Positive
RT  1 day left!!!    Positive
ours are watching and envious! RT a is generally the boats in Pakistan Positive
Millions of talks, live coffees, talks about fine movies &amp; tributes, great sun! How not to love this festival Positive
We&#39;ve closed our return from Thessaloniki ... READY FOR?) Positive
Best male performance award to us, to the bird (if you do not play your house) Positive
&quot;The Capsule&quot; from a poster, however, cracks Positive
Café, food and then see for the last day my buddy the dancer the doll. Positive
Items today and good Powers = Strength = War (all kinds) 3/5 Positive
★★★★ ½ &quot;Rhino Season&quot; Shocking! Masterpiece and technique. Positive
 is aliiive with music!  Positive
Ante tomorrow the premiere !!! Good for us?) Positive
RT  Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
22 films entered the program for the festival. :-) Positive
Saloniki I love you. Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;Tabu&quot; Where he went to confuse us managed with the atmospheric black and white Positive
A Piracy (2012) The most complete film of the first three days. Full tension, beautiful interpretations and conflict of two worlds. Positive
Death to Rinoceros! Positive
 An affectionate and interesting approach to a rather despicable act. Great performances, black and white quality  Positive
I guess, this's a right way of being TRUE fan of        Positive
RT Lore: 1945, children crossed Germany. Slow imposing rhythm, awesome close-ups ... Positive
and I for five days, around there I will go around ... :) Positive
bravo re se! One who found it good! Yesterday they said they were stupid and they cried out that I liked! Positive
53th FILM FESTIVAL FILM FESTIVAL FILM FESTIVAL The passionate images of Leos Carax Positive
RT Those of you who are Thessaloniki, take a walk from Olympia &amp; port for Strong movies from all over the world. ... Positive
Drunken Horses by Bahman Ghobadi A cinema of anxious (without cliché), rich in feelings, open to all Positive
One for all volunteers at the festival Positive
I suppose that this's a right way of being TRUE fan of film       Positive
RT What has a cheese box in the Warehouse Just a little over the beers, the most important ever Positive
&quot;The Man Without a Past&quot;: Aki Kaurismaki-just great! A sensitive subject approached with nice humor! Positive
RT I require to return the copyright message before we start the movies in it Positive
&quot;Summer in Berlin&quot; -Dresen, beautiful, bittersweet, with several cute and funny phases, a delightful 3.5 / 5 * Positive
RT  Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
Btw 4 months, 3 weeks &amp; 2 days of Mungi is one of the best millennium films for those who have not seen it Positive
Some directors do not have to try too much ... Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;Paulist&#39;s Hand&quot; Delightful especially when everyone seems like a soap opera Positive
RT Many congratulations to the winners of today&#39;s ... Positive
immediately see the survival guide for it from Tell me where you will find best? Positive
RT  Everyone I meet in Greece is exceptionally interesting. Which begs the question; who here is ordinary?   Positive
Lol  photo of    fun  matchboxprods's photo  Positive
 Rememeber the 3rd of November! Warehouse C, Provlita, Thessaloniki. Κόλαση! Souljazz Orchestra :  via  Positive
RT  Papadopoulos &amp; Sons wins audience award at Thessaloniki Film Festival. It's the only one that counts!  Positive
A HIJACKING, EPILOGUE win big at  Moving presentation of Golden Alexander award to A HIJACKING, award now in honor of Angelopoulos. Positive
I may not be a volunteer this year, but the joy of casting a movie is indescribable: D Positive
RT So We are waiting for you, come all southern !! Both Western and Eastern! :) Positive
Rhino Season: Visual storytelling mastery submerged in cyan-yellow, a love doomed by a revolution &amp; a spiteful antagonist. A classic  Positive
RT Some directors do not have to try too much ... Positive
RT Today we go to cinema! Positive
Good (Festival) times! @ Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Positive
the three of us will only tell me about the Epic Positive
Is this the big hit of the 53rd Thessaloniki Festival? Positive
★★★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ With enough political correctness Positive
&#39;A Pirates&#39; realistic, documentary style, anxious, with the 2 basic interpretations to be distinguished! We started 3.5 / 5 Positive
RT Amazing ... terrible ... i just say ... (Greek title failed, the only bad thing) Positive
Hahaha ... Festival inside joke! The lantern for pedestrians outside his warehouses turns green only for Chuck Norris Positive
&quot;The future with him was so blurry and vague.&quot; Not Arlein, but the best film of the first SC. Positive
RT In Thessaloniki, I liked several Greek films, I talked to directors, recorded a Boy&#39;s q &amp; a etc. Positive
Thessaloniki is preparing tonight for the hottest festival ever! Warehouse C, 21.00, free entrance Positive
RT  Kaurismaki rules   Positive
★★★ ☆☆ You&#39;ve seen one, you&#39;ve seen them all. The acquaintance of Kauraptian history, the hapless heroes who are standing in the end. Wonderful Positive
This year the film festival is sponsored by Malamatina, a reason to love it even more! Positive
One day before his curtain falls, see the wonderful portraits of Aris Rammos Positive
RT  This is the first day of  people!       ... Positive
Bohemian life: Henry Miller would be proud of 3.5 * / 5 Positive
RT  Good to see a festival that still supports     Positive
A snapshot of the TFG by Niki Kefalas. There is a brilliant story. Positive
&quot;The Violet went to Heaven&quot; very nice film for Chilean musician-artist Violeta Parra, touched me with satisfied 4.5 / 5 * Positive
RT Clandestine Childhood | child crying back from the fake identity of exile politics. Human, Political 4 * ... Positive
Beyond the hill: Bucolic family get together (good visuals) as a parable for the self-deluded, outwardly aggressive security state  Positive
have a good month people. festivals, the city is really celebrating .. Positive
RT  Packing. Off to Thessaloniki Film Festival in morning to see P+Sons on Wed night in front of Greeks. Nervous. Excited. ... Positive
RT Thanks for one more year, our eyes were filled with wonderful images, thoughts, reflections.Until next year! h ... Positive
Ah, right for Roy I probably be gay too.   Positive
Hi fromGreece!I'm volunteer at  &amp;yesterday I saw the -sold out-  It was AWESOME.All the audience was amazed!Congrats! Positive
RT Those of you who are Thessaloniki, take a walk from Olympia &amp; port for Strong movies from all over the world. ... Positive
classic pigeon case on lynx! :) See you Positive
RT  Arrived in Thessaloniki for  and it's hot, and we're in thermals from the freezing early morning London weather. Positive
Wonderful closing, a still beautiful Festive Day, with only &quot;3&quot; views, and mobile phone battery at 7% ... Positive
Btw, only I was crying like a baby with his finale &quot;Your love is not worth anything&quot;? Positive
Very good and black and white by Eduardo Nunes, from Brazil, today in the Frida Liappa Room Positive
53th Thessaloniki International Film Festival Last day &amp; the film that stands out in the program is none other than the Positive
Pleasant headaches: Do not let go of the day&#39;s schedule Positive
In digital due to Sandy RT  Dead Man's Burden Euro premiere at  - excited to bring my film in the city my family's from! Positive
RT  Thessaloniki sunset today. A big part of why I don't want to leave RT  Can't get enough    ... Positive
RT  Heading to The 53rd Thessaloniki Film Festival. Coverage to be posted  Honored to be invited, excited to see Gree ... Positive
RT start screaming by cinematic delight for his movie launch Positive
RT  This year Vravio Kinou seems like will go to Papadopoulos &amp; Sons. Well done job with low budget but full of kefi, ha ... Positive
Picking movies by their music keeps working just fine when it comes to  Patience Stone &amp; Lore both amazing.  Positive
RT  Angelopoulos' Traveling Players is a much needed reminder of where Greece is coming from; hopefully not where it's going ag ... Positive
RT  Kinshasa Kids: Flipside to Kinshasa Symphony, near-Glawogger realistic slam musical, but not Slumdog; very engaging, great  ... Positive
★★★ ☆☆ &quot;Betrayal&quot; Surrealist square in a movie that logic and sentiment are fighting with stereotypes. Positive
RT It&#39;s time for HELIO to co-starter! WIIIIIII !!!!!! Positive
&quot;4 months, 3 weeks &amp; 2 days&quot;: tape for strong stomach but EXTREME! If you can withstand the issue see it! Cinema Run! 5/5 Positive
Unsurpassed weather, the sold out of tickets and good mood at the ThPA Pier. Come on for a walk! Positive
★★★★★ Zamani barayé masti asbha Bahman Ghobadi oti kai na po einai ligo Positive
RT Thanks for one more year, our eyes were filled with wonderful images, thoughts, reflections.Until next year! h ... Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ &quot;Papadopoulos &amp; Sons&quot; A delightful movie, with lots of laughter and an unreasonably long-lasting dance-ending scene! Positive
RT Good morning, we&#39;re starting! :) Positive
The &#39;sunset&#39; badge has about 40 people inside. Good for her Positive
★★★ ☆☆ You&#39;ve seen one, you&#39;ve seen them all. The acquaintance of Kauraptian history, the hapless heroes who are standing in the end. Wonderful Positive
I remember  liked this chair in Electra Palace lobby.    Positive
Tsangaris&#39; Capsule is the most visually paranoid, sparse, submissive film that is symbolized by a 5 * Positive
Inside the IT Festival HQ. Working till late while the party is out. Real heroes!   Positive
RT other new.Markos Mark, keep his name. The guy knows to film movies. Papadopoulos &amp; Sons. The most optimistic side ... Positive
- that best I saw in the 53rd TIF, this FA. It is shown &amp; tomorrow, 15:45, in the room, Frida Liappa. Do not miss it... Positive
RT day III! For 10 days to lose in the halls, to care about the film selection &amp; to disappoint you only ... Positive
RT wonderful 10 days ago You now tell me how I turn to the hard reality of my degree. e? Positive
RT Very Mexican day in projected d and d From ac ... Positive
 by Sean Baker is a pleasant, romantic touch in today's cruelty. Good to be reminded of our human nature from time to time  Positive
At the opening of the Thessaloniki Festival for the &quot;Holy Motors&quot; of Leos Karakos, one of the films of the year Positive
RT Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Positive
RT  Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
RT  Great films in 53rd Thessaloniki Film Festival till now and great audience crazy for movies!  Positive
RT  Good to see a festival that still supports     Positive
RT  Review of Boy eating the bird's food by Loukas Tsouknidas  prolly the only crisis-themed Greek film w s ... Positive
★★★★ ½ &quot;Le Havre&quot; Amazing characters, sweet optimistic melancholy and good wines :) Positive
RT Zorica = 5 * and his best movie Let&#39;s just say I wanted you ... Positive
RT The wall of the volunteers. Thanks, guys, and time ... Positive
★★★★ ☆ &quot;Mariana&quot; Frescadour turned 15 years ago Positive
RT And your shadow! Good morning, we&#39;re starting! :) Positive
Very Mexican day in dyd projected From here I tell you! Positive
Good Leningrad Cowboys Go America :) Positive
The Festival team is preparing to welcome you to the strongest cinematic experience of the year! Positive
The last day at and all my fury I will miss ... Ande and the time !!!! Positive
RT  Enough movies and writing, time to Meet and Mingle.  Positive
RT Weekend Contest! Upload a photo from the Festival until Sunday 4/11 with 5 winning invitations ... Positive
RT I require to return the copyright message before we start the movies in it Positive
The Souljazz Orchestra: The rising stars of the world&#39;s alternative jazz scene at Free Entrance Positive
RT Throughout his twitter team a great thank you for the thousands of beautiful moments we lived together with the tel ... Positive
RT Mold / Mold: Shocking internal interpretation and shots but until you reach the zoom, e, what says the title 3 * Positive
our loved one by ulrich seidl &amp; at AMOUNT HEAVY !! I still remember the masterclass YOURSELF in the warehouse 1 :) Positive
RT  Amazing reaction from Greek audiences in Thessaloniki! Many said it made them feel proud. Dream come true at  Positive
The most important place at any film festival? The projection booth! My kind of people!    Positive
RT &quot;Good morning. I am Dr Kaurismäki. Just tell me how you feel.&quot; Best introduction to a press conference ever? Positive
RT Cine Thessaloniki: The cinematic history of the city in a book presentation! It is not lost! Check! Positive
★★★★ ½ &quot;The Choir of Firefighters&quot; Criticism and humor on the occasion of the funeral of the local big farmer Positive
RT Throughout his twitter team a great thank you for the thousands of beautiful moments we lived together with the tel ... Positive
53rd Thessaloniki Festival: The good of austerity! | News - Positive
Let the sunshine in @ Warehouse C (Warehouse C) Positive
only me, and we appreciated it (= we poured relentlessly on the floors) the Klip. Positive
    The lovely city of    Positive
★★★ ½ ☆ &quot;The color of the chameleon&quot; A Bulgarian James Bond the surreal side of :) Positive
&quot;Epilogue&quot; Amir Manor heavy, depressed &amp; optimistic together, romance and human. Eventually he took me ... Positive
Now that the update for iPhone comes out we can start off for its opening ceremony Positive
I am very proud to present &quot;Cinema Thessaloniki&quot;, a recording of her film history Positive
Cute Cinema Cinema 3.5 / 5 Positive
Dead Europe (2012) At last a good film at this year&#39;s festival. He did not like many. He gave me a lot of positive impressions! Positive
Tomorrow, every day I&#39;ll be in store C in the bookstore. If you bring your way in, I&#39;ll be very happy to see you! Positive
I want to find Polly Lykourgos to embrace her Positive
+1! RT Next Friday, November 2nd = 53rd Thessaloniki Film Festival ;-) Positive
Rhino Season 3.5 * / 5 a collection of stunning, human portraits along with razor-cutting lyrics Positive
RT And your shadow! Good morning, we&#39;re starting! :) Positive
RT Yesterday I saw the rhinos season today I understand why it has a tribute to Ghobadi.Mudai the whole room.Turtles can fly | 4.5 / ... Positive
- Le Havre &amp; - Two movies in today&#39;s program that if you have not seen them, they just do not get lost ... Positive
RT &#39;The Chapter&#39; by K. Gavra explains how the international financial system works and is set up through banks. Very ... Positive
RT ★★★★★ &quot;A Piracy&quot; Very Possible! Two parallel worlds with breath-taking to the end! Positive
The organizers of the 53st TFG liked Golshifteh Farahani so much so they called it the movie :) Positive
RT  Dead Man's Burden European premiere tomorrow at  - excited to bring my film to Europe in the city my family's from! Positive
RT 53ο TIF - Suggestions for Friday 09/11 - - - Travel to Kythera Positive
Great time for movies and walks here in  Positive
And somehow like this, leaving Olympion, a wonderful festival day is being completed, with four interesting projections ... Positive
53rd Thessaloniki Festival: A Need for the City of the World ... Positive
RT  I remember  liked this chair in Electra Palace lobby.    Positive
RT &quot;Confirming its reputation as one of the most challenging movies of the year&quot; v ... Positive
The whole tonight revolves around Bilios. Literally Positive
